Its really nice place to stay especially for business and tourist purpose.
It seems that hotel does not check the basic amenities in the room, before handing over the room to the traveller.  The phone in my room was not working and it created a problem for me, as after a hectic day of travel you would like to relax and work at your own pace. So they sent the technician who kept on looking for the fix for about an hour and then i had to get my room changed.
Worst hotel I have ever encountered. I will never think to stay in thiis hotel in the future
Had a good time in this hotel and the staff Kumar,aishwarya, and the house keeping guy not sure what his name these people make my stay pleasant and happy for 5 days. For sure I will be back to this place to stay in chennai.Good job guys
good hotel and staff Veg food good non veg breakfast needs improvement
Great hotel. The staff if welcoming. Helpful. Always there for you.
The hotel is mostly clean, but bathrooms need some care, our first bathroom had no hot water, the second one, took a very long time to drain off the tub. Plus painting and caulking were peeling off the wall. On the plus point, great restaurants and excellent customer service.
Awesome hotel with all needed amenities and luxury, friendly staff, great food
Very nice  Comfortable
The staff of the hotel were polite.  The brick oven chefs were extremely helpful and all the meals were very good.  The room was as advertised and clean.  My stay of 2 days was very comfortable and I would recommend this hotel  to others.
Overall a pleasant stay. Veg restaurant was the best experience @ decent price.
I was on my business trip & my stay was for two days, I found perfect hotel with excellent cleanliness and location is also perfect, nice. In all, it is value for money hotel. Suggest to offer at least breakfast included in that offer in case of single occupancy. For double occupancy it is a great deal.
Location : In T Nagar. Very close to the shopping hub and also a few cult South Indian restaurants like Saravana and Murugan. Room : Spacious, Well-lit and clean rooms. Staff : Courteous staff with a simple 2 mins check-in process.
Very good stay. Nice location. Suggest to offer breakfast included in that offer. Also check to offer for complimentary pick up and drop to airport. These things add value to offer and certainly increased business. All the best. Will certainly recommend to stay at this hotel.
Its value for money. Its a pleasant experience. They have to improve the reception. Otherwise nothing bad about the hotel. Breakfast is super and the staff are very courteous. I like to stay again. We enjoyed this pleasant stay.
Cannot think of any negative for this hotel. Right from check in to check out, it was all smooth and an experience to remember. One for one offer for residents at Zodiac made it better. Located in the heart of the shopping district and easily accessible by all modes. Some of the staff had difficulty understanding English, rest all was good.
Table and chair not clean. Not value for money. PC lan cable has so much dust but WiFi Internet speed is too good. Bar service is too bad only one waiter serving to all customer. Serving food like tandoori chicken is very salty.
Good experience and good hotel to stay. I recommend my friend to stay at accord. Location is good and the service was also good. I have rated 5 star for this hotel. Continue the same service you will be the topper.
The overall experience of the hotel was good. I had visited this hotel with my family. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was on time in the hotel. The service was good in the hotel. The room was spacious and clean. All the amenities were provided in the room. The food was good in the hotel. The complimentary breakfast was provided in the hotel.
I am taking this hotel as 4 stars since the rooms are so small and we can't place our luggages in a suitable place. Japanese restaurant was not good. Food are so small quantity. Not worth the money.
Neat and clean good service very good location good service by house keeping etc
The Hotel is centrally located in T Nagar area and also it is a luxury hotel with good rooms and staff is very courteous too. The food at the restaurant is the best thing about this hotel as they have a lot of options to eat. The food taste and quality is very good.
You could stay there, it's a nice place. The hotel is good, the location is good, food is excellent. Well built and cleanliness level is above 100. Overall, it was a good experience, you'll find it worth the money spent. Thanks!
I had visited this hotel for official purpose. All facility was provided in the room. Everything was fine at the hotel.
Nice Hotel with good amenities. Nice Room with facilities, good Service and decent Breakfast spread, Value for Money! Situated at the prime place, easy connectivity and easy to locate. Good for families, groups and Business purpose. It was a comfortable stay!
This is a very good hotel in the heart of the city and offers good value for money. I book this most of the times when I travel to Chennai. The staff is very courteous and they do everything to make your stay awesome. The restaurant options are also many and you are spoilt for choice. There is also a lounge on the terrace which offers a great view of the city
We had a pleasant stay there. The staff were very friendly. Don't rent a cab from them as they charge lot more than other regular service providers.
The service is good ,the also provide free Wi-Fi internet connection ,the breakfast is ok but need to do some improvement .
Close to shopping, nice restaurants, good breakfast.
Excellent staff.very friendly&helpful.however timetaken to resond was poor.breakfast menu could be better.daily toiletry &towel replenishment insufficient.but overal stay was pleasant.
Facilities: Nice ; Value: Fantastic; Service: Professional; Cleanliness: Pleasant;  There's three restaurant inside this hotel so there is plenty of variety
Perhaps they were making most of Chennai being almost Sold-out during my stay duration but asking for 5k without even basic facilities like complementary bottled water... Wow!!
stayed with my wife in January, 2016. Very happy experience.
Front Office staff welcoming and helpful at every turn. Overall a comfortable stay. Rooms are small, but more than adequate for a single person.
Nice and comfortable and ideal for my activities
The physical facilities are quite nice - large clean room, comfortable lobby - but little things detract. The safe malfunctioned the day before I left, the WiFi bandwidth was overly maxed out during evenings making email impossible, the fitness room was a joke.
The location was perfect.
Good
Check in took more then 45 mins, all the 4 pillows in the room where of different sizes, dirty and stained curtains, no phone next to bed and you have to walk to the study table, slow room service, poor understanding of how international bookings work, do not accept discover cards,
Room was very clean and well maintained.. breakfast was extraordinary..
My stay in The Park was a very pleasant one. The front desk staffs were very friendly,helpful and warm. They arranged even a cradle for my 2 month old baby. The room was well maintained and the complimentary breakfast had a wide spread. Overall the experience was a pleasant one.
This property is a bit old. Bath tub, toilets are old and had stains. White towels were provided, but even they had stains and dirty.
The hotel rooms are quite old and are not maintained. The chair cushion was torn. Shower curtains, window curtains and even the phone had a musty smell. Wait at the reception was too long.  Breakfast was decent. Location is very good for US visa applicants.
Wifi needs to improve
This place is probably better for business travelers but its definitely cramped for families. The bathrooms were very small and i felt I like was in a plane toilet. The location is outstanding though and accessible to almost everything in mainland chennai.
They have a good lobby and good place to eat. Everything else comes no way near the 5 star hotel that they claim to be. Rooms are just about 3 star hotel level. Was just disappointed. thankfully had booked here only for a day.
Need to improve cleanness  Need to improve customer careness  Employee at resturent are should care enough all the customers
Need maintaince there was smell in the room. Breakfast was good.
As soon as we entered the room our first thought was not to touch anything as it was very dirty. room was worse then a cheap motel room and you wouldn't want to get close to the bed. This is definitely not a 5* hotel as mentioned on Expedia. Its close to US consulate but with rooms so bad I would rather travel a few minutes then stay here.
The hotel is well located in central chennai. Its easy to find places to go out in the evneing after work, or for shopping at the two big malls nearby. They have a nice pool on the 8th floor and several bars in the hotel.
Nobody attends phone. Rooms are very old & small. Very small outdated tv
While the location, room, facilities are good. There is lot to be improved on service levels especially at the time of check-in and checkout. The staff at the reception counter possibly are not trained well or there is too much of attrition of trained staff. Wait for checkin/checkout is too long and not acceptable from a star category hotel.
Great location. But this hotel is not worth the price they charge. Terrible room layouts. Staff is slow and not trained properly. Guest services will not pick up phone. Had to call 4-5 times before they pick up. Spent lot of time to handle requests put on reservation at time of booking.
The hotel night club DJ is good and good place for party goers yyy66
Cleanliness at restroom and corridors and pathways could have been better. There is no hot water in the morning time before 8am. Hot water problem was there on both the days of stay. Couple of lights were not working.
Room was spacious. Maintenance is bad with cracked walls, water seepage. The hotel management needs to spruce it up. Not value for money. Location is great though. Very centrally located and in the heart of the city.
If they can accommodate the check-in with your arrival time it will be good. We had to wait for 3hours after reaching the hotel to get the room, though it was booked 1month in advance. Location is very good. Hotel staff are very helpful.
This hotel was at perfect location near US consulate. Hotel was very beautiful and well maintained. Was filled with mostly people who have came for visa interview. Staff also was very helpful and cooperative.
Pros: Centrally located - close to the us embassy, food at hotel 601 was good, friendly staff, decent gym and swimming pool. Cons: Poor rooms/worn out floors, over prized, long waits for checking out.
Enjoyed my stay. Very pleasant service. My stay included buffet breakfast which was excellent. The location is very close to the US consulate which is a big advantage. There are lots of eating options within a few miles radius. Will recommend luxury rooms.
Need inspiration? Check out other reviews for The Park Chennai written by travellers like you or read some tips on writing great reviews. Need inspiration?
I made a booking for my guests, my guests were not allowed to stay in spite of a booking and payment being made online, my guests were made to wait at the lobby nearly 5 hours. Finally, I gave my ID proofs to accommodate them and yet it was not accepted and had to find a alternate solution in other hotel. Not a customer friendly hotel.
It was very nice to stay in the park hotel with all the well equipped and its clean, I am happy to stay in future.. Its in right location for us to stay and hotel reception staff and service team are very polite and professional, I have not used much facilities which are available but next time I will try to use more.
The rooms renovated are also leaking, Water seepage is there in the walls. Very bad maintenance. This hotel is good for pubbing only. Mattress very soft and you get back pain. High time they replace the mattress.. Renovation is a must at this stage. Always hot water problem is there and taps are leaky. Health faucet must in the toilets.
Overall a good place to stay. Food was good. Rooms were clean and have enough space. Best place for visa interview as the place is right opposite and in case you forgot something for visa, you can get it quickly from room.
Except for being in the heart of city the hotel has nothing to boast of. Food tasted awful so much so, that we almost ate with pickle as a side dish. Breakfast room is poorly lit is enough to make your morning dull. Rooms unkempt and falling apart.
Hotel rooms are to be repaired in the bathrooms. As walls are to repainted. Outside windows are not clean, birds made dirty on that. But inside rooms are clean and well maintained AC Services are good.
Bathroom dirty , room dirty bedsheets not changed only positive thing is the buffet breakfast
Hotel staff are not co-ordinating well for the room service and Billing payment.
I am not sure why someone wants to spend that kind of money to be disappointed.
This is an ideal hotel to stay in - clean, friendly, good wholesome food and excellent value for money for a discerning customer. The staff are pleasant and helpful in all areas - reception, dining, housekeeping and concierge services. Try it and return again.
Good
Dinner buffet was not too pricey and food was amazing! The only downside during my stay was the discoloration of water in the bathroom sink.
Great service, clean room and nice ambiance. I stayed with my family and we had a good time. I would recommend not just for business stays but also for families.
Great staff, Good location, good food. Cleanliness need to get improved, every thing else is good
Excellent experience, clean room, friendly and courteous staff. Good restaurants in the hotel, nice food.
Very helpful staff and you are really taken care about things that you need.
Room service poor. Service took time. Also the tray was not cleared. Dissapointed with that. Location of hotel is good. Buffet dinner and breakfast was good. Nothing more to say other than this.  Nothing more to say other than this.  Nothing more to say other than this.  Nothing more to say other than this.
It was great. Food is expensive, but good. Taxes are high. And the hotel car to the airport was $25.00 plus taxes; that was expensive; I could probably gotten my own taxis for $10.00-15.00.  Great place and excellent service.
Excellent hotel with great staff. Would greatly recommend.
Hotel room is great, and the staff are very helpful. Located on Anna Salai, So forget taking a walk to get to nearby places. Add ons like lunch/dinner buffet costs too much- but this is expected. One thing I did not like is the presence of too many staffs and the  'vanakkam' they perform at the front door-I did not need that every time I come in- just a smile would have been enough. But the hotel as such no complaints.
This was my second visit. Enjoyed our stay very much. Will definitely stay at The Raintree when I am Chennai next.
The hotel location is good... but the beds are very bad and old. The shower room was not all clean.
Very good experience. All very attentive staff and very good location
Facilities: Top of the line; Value: Fantastic; Service: Outstanding; Cleanliness: Immaculate;  the perfect base for any visitor to Chennai - I'll be back
The service could improve. A lot of time taken for room service.
While we appreciate the staff & service, the bathroom taps, dustbins, cleaning of WC, ventilation in the room (windows are permanently closed) need your attention.  Please check and make it right. We really had to adjust.
Good service and fairly comfortable stay
Rooms need a make over. kettle is old & not in good condition. Not upto Lemon Tree standard
Good hotel and room. Not too far from the airport - about 15 mins. Helpful staff, restaurant maybe overpriced but not bad. Bed was comfortable and clean. Free WiFi wasn't really good. Overall quite satisfied.
dated - router is outside in the front - rooms in the back has poor to no internet - food is sub standard - age and heavy usage is taking toll - needs major renovation to keep up with US chains.
We asked for a non smoking room but we did not get one and the AC was not working.. otherwise good location, clean beds and towels ...
Excellent in terms of hygienic and cleanliness. Enjoyed stay. However food prices are comparatively in higher side. Co-operative staff. Best in class. Would like to stay again. Thanks to Leman Tree staff.
Hotel is good. But food cost is too high
The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are well maintained and clean. The hotel is close by to the airport hence it is very easy accessible. Breakfast, lunch and dinner quality is just too good.
Good and enjoyed the stay. Good food. Neat and good room service. Location of the hotel also very good. Near airport and Railway station and IT companies. Sure I will again visit your hotel. Too good for family stay too.
Compared to other lemon tree stay, this was bit disappointing compared to the room comfortability.
Very very very very very poor Service. Very very very very very poor Air Conditioning. Very very very very very poor Service. Very very very very very poor Conditioning.
The size of the bed is so small that a single person is uncomfortable to sleep. They sell the same bed on double occupancy. Difficult to imagine how two persons can fit on the bed. Washrooms are so small. One can barely move around. Breakfast truly is free. Not complimentary. Food was absolutely not having any taste. Totally waste of money and uncomfortable night.
Room allotted is small. Single bed in the room. Buffet dinner spread not upto the mark. Quality of food not upto the mark. Breakfast quality need to improve more. Spread of fruits not liked. Need to improve. Moreover, cost of buffet dinner does not match with quality and spread.
The room size is small & not as big as you see in photos. The service was good overall. The quality of food at the Bar & restaurant was not that great & they could improve the quality of food & also even reduce the rates.
No doubt hotel is located in quiet prime location for business travellers but I don't think it is value for money given the room size. The staff is pleasant to deal with. Food variety is also average. They should have facilities like spa for business travellers also who wish to relax after a long day.
The overall experience was good in the hotel. The hotel was located near to the airport. The behaviour of the hotel staff was good in the hotel. The food and drinks were available in the hotel was very good. The activities were not available in the hotel. Wi-Fi service was available in the hotel.
Everything that you need was in place.. There was no need to call for any Services. Food quality is also equally good. The location is also convenient for air as well as rail. The reception staff is also very cooperative.
Very clean, value for money. Prompt service. Beautiful aroma. Only problem is view, which is comprise able. The buffet dinner was asko good. We were even provided with take away breakfast at 4:30 in the morning.
Cleanliness and hospitality was excellent. The complimentary breakfast was good. The only room facility which was not up to the mark was internet, too slow. I stayed as single but rooms would surely can accommodate a family. Worth for the money I paid so would surely recommend for a short stay.
The first thing is, it's too costly for a small room. I am not satisfied with your time schedule for. This type of feedback format is somewhat not good for us. And I'm sorry for late reply.
This is actually a 3 star hotel, and in India there are 7 stars, and so a four star rating in Expedia is very misleading. The hotel is not very clean, but for a 2-3 star hotel it is ok if that is what you are expecting, the prices were way too high for that level of quality. I moved to the Hilton, and was very satisfied.
Nice experience... Some people i think some workers were shouting outside my room door which was disturbing
All boxes ticked for a Business Traveller. Clean Room, Clean Toilets, Decent Break Fast Spread.
Nice stay..very good service...especially the person named mr. dinesh who is in reception assisted me a lot.such a good person in the hotel..he assisted me till the period of vacate..very good person..
We really enjoyed the pool and the food as well. Well cleaned. Definitely recommend to any one
Stay somewhere else, This hotel is right on the flight path to the airport, and is adjacent to the main road  where lorry drivers use the horn more than the brake
We stayed at the Park Hyatt  for a week primarily to attend a family wedding which was being held there. The hotel and the service were very first class but unfortunately the area where it is  located is not good. The rooftop pool is very pleasant. Food and drink in the hotel is very expensive and the bar area which is not open until 4pm is very noisy with disco type music on at full volume. Nowhere to sit and  have a quiet drink.
Staff have been very helpful to help me avoid Channai pitfalls and support me while lost in translation.
Moved to this hotel after a terrible night at another.  This hotel is amazing.  The service is top notch.  The decor, especially if you are in the garment industry is stunning. Food is great. Can't say enough good things.
Quick efficient friendly check in. Overall great hotel in Chennai. Will stay again.
Nothing to complain
was good . letting my guest with ease next time would be appreciated . was good . letting my guest with ease next time would be appreciated
First time stay. Loved it. Everyone was super polite, helpful, nice. One needs to check the final bill as there can be errors.
It was a pleasant stay, Excellent experience, great ambience, very courteous staff and the hotel caters customers needs round the clock. Rooms were too good, Will ensure to stay again in future and recommend to all my friends. Keep up the good work Thank you Hyatt certainly very good value for money. Kudos!
Overall ambience of the hotel is very good. In room facilities need to improve & there is a need for providing services as per customer booking. 3 people in same room has been provided with 2 persons facility whereas the charges remains for 3 people.
Park Hyatt really lived to the hype. The best part of this hotel is the bathroom and roof top swimming pool which gives you a great view of Chennai. Their flagship pub Flying Elephants is really happening on the weekends and as a staying guess you get a free entry to one of the most exciting pubs. The service and ambience of this hotel was top notch and unparalleled.
My experience of the hotel was very nice. The transportation facility was not provided by the hotel. The activities were available at the hotel. I would recommend this hotel for upcoming travellers.
Very good service, very clean, great food and nice gym. 15% less in price would help my pocket..
GOOD.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
This is a very good hotel with modern looks and excellent service. Staff is quite friendly and food is good. Staff feels happy assisting you for almost anything. Everybody treats guest like they are someone special. Rooms are quite spacious, clean and equipped with all amenities which are needed.
I had visited this hotel with my family. The food quality was good. The service at the hotel was nice. The check in and checkout was on time. The complimentary food was provided at the hotel. The restaurant was available at the hotel. The varieties of food were provided at the hotel. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel. I would recommend this hotel for other travellers.
nice place good staff i can feel the quality of money food is also good but little far from city i feel house keeping also good
As soon as I checked-in, I found pungent smell in the room. Even after informing customer service desk, it took them quite long time to allocate new room and that to after multiple follow ups. Moreover, the food served at room was not good. It looked that it was not prepared by chef.
Great ambience, good staff, wonderful food, big rooms. Accessibility to Airport, nice location and all at reasonable price. Mine was a short but comfortable stay. Overall, 5 star stay. Recommended for future stay in Chennai.
We stayed between Xmas and New Year 2015 for 3 nights in this wonderful hotel.The location is absolutely brilliant being only 300 yards from the town Square. We were lucky to get a 'free' room up grade to one of the superb loft conversion - two level room with the four poster beds -Nice ! . All the staff were very helpful. The breakfasts were good
It was a bright Sunday and myself with my family decided to check-in Park Hyatt in Guindy and as we expected it was the experience to cherish. It gave the absolute delight of being in the star hotel and the food quality was splendid. The service was also upto the mark of a five star hotel. Summing up all it made it crisp experience on Sunday morning.
There is no business centre. One doesn't expect a hotel of 4.5 star not to have a business centre.
Excellent value for quality and service. Can't go wrong. Breakfast is top notch with Indian and continental options. Decor is subdued but stylish. Good for business or pleasure. Gym has modern equipment with an infinity pool. No problem with free wifi. Better deal than Leela Palace. Family was very happy and thought the hotel was on target.
Excellent room and exercise facility. All around atmosphere was calm and comfortable. Main dining room offers both excellent food and service. Avoid Flying Elephant restaurant, stick to the main dining room.
comfortable. not needed.bkhkhjuoipoioioi hkhghkhkhkjh ghjggjhghggg
The outside look and feel very good. They have a reasonably good restaurant
Very clean! Great Service!
Very nice hotel. Good location. However the sad part is that the 24 hours check in/ check out policy is not applicable for booking made on hotels.com . They said it is only valid when you book directly with the hotel.
The majority of staff at the reception and in the dinning hall were excellent and welcoming.
good
I saw a much better upkeep of the facility two years back
There was no confirmation of my booking as per their record. I had to wait for 30 minutes
The room is clean, international standards, option of turning on ceiling lights if you prefer brighter otherwise is warm and cosy.  Toilet small but funtional and water pressure good (16th floor room).
We had great experience in staying here. Check in and check out process was smooth and easy. Decent food options were available at the hotel. Staff were responsive and quick for any requests. Roof top restaurant and view of the city is one not to be missed.
Reception on arrival and at the restaurant is Excellent. Check-in and Check-out formalities were handled efficiently. Room is big in size. Ambience is excellent. Food quality at restaurant is good. Service representatives in restaurant took care so nicely - my special appreciation to them. The location of the hotel and the surrounding ambience are pleasant.
Decent hotel but buffet was not up to expectation. You can have better lunch or breakfast for that money
Really enjoyed the buffet food with it's wide variety
EXCELLENT***************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
It was a good experience. We had a very wonderful time there. The service was excellent. They provide the best service. Thank you for such a wonderful experience. Keep up the good work and maintain the hotel as it is.
24 hrs check-in is the best part about this hotel. Service is great, Staff is helpful and friendly, food is good and excellent location. I always enjoy my stay here. However the Gym should be improved. More space is needed and equipment requires major upgrade.
Good hotel and nice location. Staff is very supportive and took great care. The pub is nice and ambience is awesome. I would strongly suggest this hotel for any business traveller. It is situated in the heart of city and in main market area.
Great location, very close to city center and markets. Staff is very helpful and service is great. We had some special requests and they helped us with all of them. Enjoyed our stay. Would recommend to others.
I will definitely stay this hotel on my next visit to Chennai. Very good ambience. Shopping centres nearby. Facilities are excellent Staff is also good and supportive
It has extremely great ambience and the rooms are good. Liked the experience. The buffet was costly however the food is good. The swimming pool was great and the gym facility was good. I enjoyed playing in the pool and the cleanliness of the pool was appreciable. Overall rating : 4. 5/5.
Nice hotel with very good ambience. Nice reception and overall design. All locations are designed to feel good and spacious. People are very soft and gentle and skilled to serve all kind of guest including foreigners.
The hotel reception staff are very bad. Even the other services in the hotel is same only. I ordered fish fry but got very bad smelling really totally damaged one. Breakfast is also not up to the mark.
Very homely and safe environment. Breakfast excellent. The check in and check out was very simple. We called and asked for a late check-in and check out which was honoured. The hotel is centrally located in the heart of the shopping centre. The hotel was very safe as we were traveling single.
Centrally located. Great food and rooms. Reasonably priced. Hotel has one of the very good pub, though the food quality was OK. Little disappointed with food at "Southern Aroma", my most favourite restaurant. Overall experience was great.
Complimentary breakfast was given by the hotel. The hotel was good. There was no delay in check in and checkout at the hotel. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. I didn’t use activity in the hotel.
Friendly  and  helpful  staff. Nice food. Clean rooms. Really enjoyed our stay. We stayed  at  this hotel  3 times before.  We go again.
Excellent hotel. Great value for money. Great staff. I stayed for 2 nights, and hence was initially offered complimentary breakfast for  2 days only. I checked out the third day, after breakfast hours. Hence they were gracious enough to offer free breakfast for my family of 3 (which runs about US$ 25) for free.
Pictures are the service does not match ..
nice stay for my first night after arrival to India
The place is neat, rooms are adequate with all amenities, bedsheets are clean. Wifi connection is good. The place is walkable distance from T. Nagar which is a shopping area. Buffet breakfast at a restaurant downstairs is really good and serve wide variety. Staff is friendly and helpful, they assisted us whenever we needed. Overall happy with the stay!
A nice comfortable stay in heart of the city ,which also very affordable compared to others nearby
I was stayed for official purpose ..It was located in the main city and very easy to locate and room appearence needs to improve . The Room has more sapce and is good to be there. Cleanliness was maintained .. Overall experience in service needs to improve.....
I have stayed there on a business visit. The first thing is the location of the apartments. It is in the heart of the city. (T. Nagar). Very easy booking procedure. Only thing about the morning complimentary breakfast quality is not enough. They can improve it. Overall very nice to stay.
It was good staying there, the welcoming was good, maintenance was comfortable, breakfast can be added on with any hot drinks with it. People were good, cleanliness was maintained, service for any calls was good to fill up water bottles. Can have some more comfortable zones like games, added environment to like the place more. Just not to the see it as room alone, if it would be a more comfortable, the stay would be really memorable.
Good hotel, I visited for official purpose. Service is average and room size that I got is small and very congested, may be other rooms are big as I am not sure. But economically the hotel is good which you stay with your family with less average charges. Food is below average which you will get only complimentary breakfast which is too bad. Otherwise hotel is good.
I have stayed 2 days on 30th and 31st March 2014 for Nestle company meeting. Service was good and the 3 rooms attached with a big hall that was not seen in any hotel really different. If a family stay they will feel like home. Need to improve in food quality and quantity, overall experience was very good.
The hotel is located at a very strategic place from where all the things are very nearby and one would not face any challenge. Its not a very big hotel, however the staff is cooperative and we had to manage the food from outside mostly. Overall it was a very good location with average experience.
Business trip for two days, very nice hotel, location is good, close to us consulate, close to market place, Railway Station and Airport. Neat and clean, nice food, nice restaurant. Friendly staff with quality service. Enjoyed the stay.
Blossom serviced apartment are a fully furnished apartment in Chennai that serves with excellent amenities and great customer care. This serviced apartment are a boon and more economically viable alternative to a hotel rooms. it has more space , convenience factor and great privacy level especially for family members and children .
Location is very good near T.Nagar, the best market area. We passed leisure time to stroll the market. Breakfast was free in the restaurant in the ground floor. The persons in the reception were well behaved and sober.
The hotel was the best I had stayed in in India so far but a few issues annoyed me. The control panel for certain items in the room as in the air conditioner and the hot water heater so I had a few cold showers and a hot night.
Feeling very good and nice place, if we travel next time we want to book same the hotel. Hotel staff is very nice, they are co operative
Iam a frequent traveller all over India. After a long time I stayed in a v. Good hotel. 1st time I give 5 stars for hotels in India. So clean room, toilets, bed. Excellent staff. Thanks & continue good.
Overall good to stay. Facilities and room are good. People are very cooperative. The facilities mentioned at the time of booking was said all provided. The room is very clean. Breakfast and room service are very good.
Good ambiance, clean rooms, staff is cooperative, except that the location is some 500 meters away from main road, superb service. Did not try the food as better options were available near by. Only problem is its location, otherwise value for money.
The hotel is decent and good enough for 1 or 2 nights with family or friends. > Overall Simply Good. The MD is good and the staff is also good. > Location is a bit crowd and narrow roads. Cannot park vehicle outside the gate entrance. Should park vehicle inside and there is parking place also. > Near to Malls and restaurants.
It was good enough and value to the money. Very near to Marina Beach. Services are good and food is okay.
Hotel Peace Park Inn very good hotel for stay with family. This location is not good but hotel rooms & services are very good. Hotel reception is very good. Food is average. I like this hotel.
Average. Hotel location not as per address given. Difficult to track hotel addres
Very cramped access road, impropper information on phone
I had been here for my brother admission. Hotel is very clean. Rooms are good bigger and AC works well. A great value for money. Food is awesome. Room service is also good. Check-in and checkout was done without any delay. Thanks to staff for so much of cooperation. Whatever pictures of hotel and rooms are there on their website, you will get the same thing in real.
I had visited here for an business tour. Had an nice experience. Room could have been bigger, anyway room was clean and neat. Location of Hotel is quite difficult to find. Food was also good. But Parking place is quite not safe. Budget friendly hotel. Hope I will visit again.
Spent two nights in this Hotel in September, 2014. The room was clean and tidy, clean bathroom and aircon worked. Staff at this hotel were very helpful and the driver they arranged for a day trip was excellent. A nice cool clean haven to come back to after tramping around the streets of Chennai.
I arrived late at night from Thailand looking forward to a drink at the bar only to be told that it is a Muslim hotel and alcohol is strictly forbidden. Other than that disappointment it was very clean good staff and good value. Probably a hotel that not too many westerners stay at, but good location.
Never came across any issues in this hotel. simply best...
We stayed there for 2 days and I have to say, I am impressed. The locality was not so good, but the rooms were pretty neat, I have to admit. The hotel provides Wi-Fi facility for its customers to be connected at all times. Their reception of customers was really great and they even gave us rebate of 700/- INR. It's pretty close to the airport, so it’s a good choice for anyone.
Hotel is in the mid of city & located near by Marina beach but very conjuncted space in front of hotel. Food is not so good for North Indian people staff is good & room service is ok hotel is good for middle class people only no space for parking.
We stayed there for US Visa appointments and it was the best choice I think we made. Apart from the shabby ways, everything else was perfect. It is little inside, close to US consulate offices and marina beach. Hotel staffs were too good and helping. Overall, four out of five.
nice and clean, and though the neighbourhood seems somewhat dodgy, it's near to the beach and the main streets (with the awesome ananda bhawan restaurant just a few mins' walk away).
okay to stay for one day.Approach is not good but once you are in hotel it doesnt matter.
Ok, not bad.
I visited Chennai in the summer of 2014. This hotel is nice! It has high speed fans, A/C, & a useable bathroom.  My room was clean! Considering the price & location, this was a pleasant stay. The rooftop restaurant provides a kind service and tasty food! For mosquitoes, I suggest using repellant anywhere you go.
Breakfast spread was good. Staff very good,helpful. Over all a comfortable stay.
The hotel is average. Good service but rooms looking a bit worn and old fashioned. Not many places to relax and coffee shop not comfortable. Food OK but not special for this level of hotel.
Excellent food at the Hotel, plus reasonably priced. All staff were very friendly.
Excellent food especially breakfast buffet and supportive in arranging local transportation
I was traveling with my colleague from Italy, I found very average..the staff was good but I did not like the hotel it seems to be very old hotel had lots of mosquitos in the room. Very old furniture with old ihome system which is not compatible with the current iPhones and iPad. I expected more out of Radisson ..was not my best experience.
Main benefits of this hotel is proximity to the airport given the extremely heavy traffic in the mornings. Otherwise the hotel is not up to Radisson standards and the rooms are small and cluttered.
It felt like 4 ⭐️ Shabby. Very convenient to the airport.
The hotel was kind enough to decorate the room for our night from wedding, the rooms looked great..
extremely good breakfast & lunch buffets with very helpful staff
Rooms were of a very high standard and although we arrived about 9.30 our room was ready for us. Staff were very helpful.
If work near airport then the best to be in. Very warm in service the good food make it more comfortable. The live music is amazing. The bodhi spa is just a name to sink in a relax mode. The most courteous staff.
Great place to relax after 17-hour flight to Chennai.
Excellent property with very good staff, at all the places starting from the driver to the manager at the hotel. Really impressed with the ambience and the hospitality. The hotel is ideally located near the airport.
Great service and stay experience. Staff are always ready to provide service to fulfill the guest needs. Nice bar and buffet at the restaurant in the ground floor. Great hotel for business stay or for holiday. Easy to get around the hotel and also to get transport to get around the city.
Excellent experience starting from the pickup at Airport to drop at Airport. Pre allotted room with precomputed registration and handing over of keys and other information in the car itself giving excellent feel. Nice spread of menu for breakfast and dinner. Well made rooms and other services.
Superb hotel. Their hospitality was superb and all marks to them. The breakfast was superb. All was good. The airport pick and drop was excellent. Nothing wrong there. One touch service was excellent. The only weaker part was the room were old fashioned. They need to renovate it. Not really wrong with the room but the modern room this days are excellent. Worth the money.
Good neat hotel with friendly staff. Nearer to airport wit drop and pick up facility. Bit found food bit costlier. They do maintain a good quality. A perfect place to stay with family. Specially the club room with bathtub. Children shall enjoy the stay.
It was a good experience and was very close to the airport. Rooms where we spacious and also full with amenities. Food was also good. So overall experience was awesome and will stay again next time and also recommend to others
I go to room verynice service excellent of antastic food taste wow rent very low &high everything is good fine very neat I love it all Chennai guys love to raddison hotel good
The location of the hotel was good. The appearance of the hotel was good. I didn’t face any problem to reach the hotel. There was no activity arranged by the hotel.
IT was very good experience for all our guest they have got good environment they where felling happy they enjoyed all meals & drinks they like the GYM & swimming poll they have got the time pass activity in hotel they where not feeling tried they where relaxed
I had visited this hotel for official purpose. The appearance of the hotel was good. The hotel was located in the centre of the city. The check in and checkout was done on time. The room was not so neat and clean.
Good hotel to stAy in Chennai. Fflhlxoxoxitxtxttcolgtcoxgxtixkrxrxfllxdridxfizgxoxixxtoxothcgchochcypyfcycoycyycyycpufotdtodtodotxyycpycyxpgxgpxyoxtoxpyxttxylhxpxphxogxttxxoh gcocgxggcogctcoggxotxoyxyxyocicotxotxxotxpyxyoxyoxoyxttxtixttxxhxoyyxxdypxyocyycogcxoxoycyycoyh
Staff courtesy was excellent. My reservation issue was clarified immediately. I have 2 suggestions: 1. Need clothes hanging facility in the bathroom. 2. To have someone enumerate the facilities available for breakfast. It was confusing because many items were on offer, but had to be asked for.
The staff were very helpfull and welcoming....  Airport pickup chauffeur service is great & Convenient!
Hotel room were nice. Complimentary drink and foot massage. Staff was very good. I would recommend this hotel especially if you are taking flights. Close to airport, free transfers to airport.
This hotel had wonderful food, lounge, spa and rooms! We really appreciated this great choice of location to unwind after flying several hours from the US, and then flying out again the next day. The massage and spa staff were great, the breakfast was very enjoyable. We will definitely stay here again.
Stay at the hotel is good for the given price. However it was mentioned in the booking email breakfast is included for three days stay. But hotel receptionist say it was not included and ask me to check at HOTELS.COM. I did not get any reply from Hotels.Com until I vacate the room. So I paid for my breakfast at the hotel.
Nothing much to write about as it was just one night to stay. Terrible breakfast , unclean plates cups etc. the first room they gave was smelling of cigarettes smoke fortunately they changed the room. AC was just about ok. Small tacky room
Overall good , room are need& regular cleaning. Hotel Staff are very good
Good hotel location is good
I am giving the review as average just because I booked through MMT and got the deal at about 1150/- per day. If you are going for the hotel booking then they will charge about 2500/- etc. Which is absolutely not at all worth it. Rooms are OK if you get it at the range of 1000 to 1300.
Radisson Hotel Delhi
Pros Location-Value for business people they wnt stay at room fr long time Cons Very Old Building-Feels like the building will collapse at any time. Overall it is not well recommended but it's good for budget travellers
Rooms are not maintained. Old rooms. Bed and mattresses need to replace. To maintain subsequent visit of guest stayed once all above required. Space in the room is also less.
Nice Hotel as located in main biz Dist) which saves local conveyence with lively bar. Rooms are worth of money paid with complimentary breakfast ... Above all allows 24hr check in and out
Everything up to mark. I mean i had pleasant stay only thing upsets me is room service .. Very bad response .. Apart of that everything was good. Its at prime location
Rooms were small, can't accommodate the a third person. Service is bad, took 45 min to put a third bed, then 35 min to get a blanket. Breakfast is bad WiFi was disappointing Paid food is really good Rooms bathrooms are clean and well maintained.
Service was decent. Food quality is average. Location is excellent. Rooms are also average only. Cockroaches in the bathroom and room. Very close to Marina and Chepauk stadium and connectivity to Chennai Central and other areas is very good. Worth only if you have a good deal online.
Location and cleanliness is good, but as far as customer service is concerned, it is just average. Recommended for travelers to stay with reasonable rent. Since, the hotel is situated in Mount Road and it is accessible to all city areas. Food is just okay. Good for a quick stay.
Ideally located average hotel, cleanliness is average, small rooms, good breakfast and situated in Mount Road accessible to all city areas. Behaviour of front office staff is good and recommended for travellers to stay with reasonable rent.
Location and cleanliness is good. But as far as customer service is concerned, it is very worst. Even the manager doesn't respond well. Worst behaviour of staff. I didn't expect this kind of behaviour. It would be great if makemytrip does something about this.
It was nice stay for me in this hotel because the location of the hotel was near to the city only. And staffs was also do operative. But manager of this hotel was tottaly good because I did not face any problem in this hotel related to the service food or anything. For me it was value for money. And if I will come in this city so I will stay here only
Location wise hotel is perfect, but maintenance is pathetic. Rooms were ok but bathroom was not hygiene. Food is fine. Better option for amount I paid. Booked it through Makemytrip at lowest fare I believe. Thanks to Makemytrip,. Totally I prefer not to go again.
Was good.Hotel room was alright food too good service and nice locationNothing else .... .. ........................ . .............................................................................. .......................
I had visited this hotel alone for official trip. The hotel was very good. The location of the hotel was good. The hotel was nearby the railway station. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was done on time at the hotel. The overall service of the hotel was good. The provided room was very dirty at the hotel. The activity was not arranged by the hotel. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel.
I think it was good, front desk team were very accommodating and courteous. Food was great and in room dining were very prompt. As a whole it's a good experience.
Great hospitality
i enjoyed lot .excellent hospitality
I didn't like it here. But if you're working in Mahindra World City you don't have any choice. A little competition could probably help things. Staff is nice. Hotel is blah.
great for people who come to visit Mahindra Tech City. Will save you from travelling back to the city in the evening.
I stayed there for one night, everything was great especially the helpful staff and breakfast, but there were visible stains noted on the bed sheet not sure if they changed the bed sheet or night.
Great location with airport transport. Breakfast was bountiful! Rooms were clean and spacious with Mini bar coffee maker and hair dryer. Roof top pool resteraunt and bar were amazing with a Daily Happy Hour! aC and Wifi!
Had a great experience. I was travelling and staying here alone. Got a comfortable room near the elevator. Quick check-in and checkout. The room was very comfortable, as was the breakfast. Would definitely stay here again.
Good Hotel with decent experience. Very courteous staff.
This was our first stay in india after we landed in chennai and started our 3 week trek across southern india. A splurge that we're glad we made. Helped us adjust our barrings. Its in a good neighborhood to walk around and explore. Staff was great. Highly recommend.
I stayed at Raintree with a few friends and while the facilities are great, the staff were rude and unaccommodating. I have two words to describe their attitude towards us - 'passive aggressive'. I was told this is a 5 star hotel. I can hardly believe that. Had a disappointing time because of the service. Facilities are great. Food is overpriced.
Great experience. Really good hotel with very professional and friendly staff. They are more than willing to go the extra mile to ensure a pleasant stay.
Be careful with the taxes on your food order, while the food prices was as expected, I ended up paying about 25 usd for a glass of wine, supposedly house wine, because of \"heavy local taxes\". I wish I had been informed before receiving the bill...
Overall very good, quick WiFi.
Great hotel and breakfast buffet. Outstanding staff. Stayed with my family but probably ideal for the business traveler.
Raintree is a good hotel located in heart of Chennai. Room was spacious and Nice. Breakfast was amazing with at-least 4 cuisines on the spread. A visist at night to the rooftop lounge is recommended for the views. But if you are  on Business, be careful as internet is unstable and spotty. Recommended if business is not on your mind
We had a very good stay. All the staff were attentive and helpful particularly my special needs for a man of 84 years old. However the room was not adequately furnishes. Needs at least 2 chairs for husband and wife to sit and  drink Tea.
i work all over the world and hotels are part of my life the Raintree St. Marys is absolutely wonderful the staff from top management to resteraunt staff and housekeeping are very friendly and accomadating they make you feel at home but with better service :) definitley recomend this place for business or vacation . the location is great and they have three resteraunts all with great food
Excellent Service, Very Clean and Good Rooms. Helpful staff.
This is a lovely hotel and the staff are very attentive.  There is no alcohol served at this hotel which did not bother me but was a surprise to my colleagues so if you like to have a glass of wine with dinner it's not possible.  Good location however close to businesses.
Taj quality is unparalleled. Attention to details makes the difference.
This is a wonderful hotel - absolutely five-star service throughout the property! Everyone made me feel welcomed and valued. Plus, the breakfast is sumptuous, and the Indian restaurant is quite amazing!
It was amazing. They went out of their way to accommodate our requests!
Extremely courteous staff Very helpful and attentive will do all they can to make your stay enjoyable and pleasurable  Can find no fault with my experience or stay  Loved my stay!
Service minded staff, who attended to the residents’ requirements in a professional and courteous manner. Buffet breakfast was excellent with a variety that suits both Westerners and Indians. We tried vegetarian curries and Nan breads in ‘Beyond Indus restaurant’ on a number of occasions and must admit that the quality and freshness was superb.
An oasis of comfort in a busy chaotic town. A very pleasant and restful,a place I looked forward to returning after each day's foray into the busy city.
Nice hotel at the heart of town.. close to everything
Room was OK but not a five star like experience as the rooms look old and bulb fixtures, bed frame looks old.
Valet parking: the ac control switch near driver's seat was broken hence self parking & having the car keys with the guests is recommended Vegan food: their is no specific menu for vegan, in vegetarian 1 or 2 items are only vegan. Hence would not recommend breakfast here for vegans
Excellent food, great club, friendly staff, room shows wear and tear, but very clean.
Hotel staff was friendly and courteous. Room was nice size and clean. Restaurant on the roof had Mediterranean cuisine and it was fabulous.  Very nice hotel to stay for business in chennai
Best location and luxury hotel. Staffs were excellent.
Good. Stayed there before. Had small problem: First room had a musty smell. Staff changed my room quickly. No other issues. Breakfast is a good experience. Many choices, relaxed atmosphere. Roof restaurant is also nice. for dinner; Spanish Quisine.
Nothing to good to say about this residency hotel, chennai. A few notable negatives are the following:  1. NO Wifi 2. TV stop working every 10 minutes; the remote is so old that the numbers on it have gone away!!!!! 3. hotel staff is just miscerable; they dont know what a customer service is. Very indifferent and cold.  Very bad experience.  will NOT recommend to anyone.
STAFF IS   NOT GOOD , KEY NOT FIT 2 TIMES AT NIGHT ,  ROOM 702 KEY IS GIVEN 2 TIMES I AM GET DOWN AT RECEPTION AT 1.45 AM . THEN GIVEN ROOM NO 701
Ac is not good..bed is not that much good.. it's not worth paying. .
Awesome stay the food was slightly expensive but other than that I dont think this deserves 3.9. The only thing is the room size is small compared to other luxury hotels
Stay was comfortable and service is good & satisfactory
The overall experience was good. However the wi-fi was getting disconnected often. We found the food very expensive.
Overall stay was good. However, the Wi-Fi was not working. We had to call them multiple times to fix it. It gets fixed for some time and then again they would stop working. This was the only thing that we didn't like about this hotel.
Great breakfast and good room service!
all in all good..location is excellent close to everything staff was very friendly and welcoming and very helpful and very knowledgable about the city and guide you about dos and donts whch is very important if you are visiting for leisure and they tell you where to go and when to go
Pacific Clarks Inn
I was on business trip in Chennai best place to stay. The Residence hotel is very near to all markets center of Chennai very near to Chennai famous shopping center T nagar area in night there are many restaurants near by.
Excellent stay and one of the good hotel to suggest. Medium in cost and within the budget. Good at service and response. Foods & drinks, transport from the hotel is very much accessible at all the times. Definitely one of the best hotel to stay. Conference rooms and meeting rooms are good for business meetings.
I stayed at this hotel with my friends for 2 days. Overall experience was very good regarding the service of the hotel. The staff were well trained and behaved friendly. The building of the hotel was well decorated. The rooms were big in size and were well maintained and provided with all the modern facilities. The room service was always on time. Food was also very much hygenic and tasty. Would like to visit again.
This is a very clean hotel I have stayed in this hotel before (7 years ago) they still maintain the same very good standard
This Hotel is Centrally Located in heart of Chennai. Easily accessible from Most of the places in Chennai. Walking distance to some of the best places in and around T Nagar. Best part was high speed internet is complementary. There was a food festival going on, however, being a vegetarian, I was not able to enjoy the food much.
Hotel is good have good ambiance. The room is spacious. The service is good. The location is good it is nearer to the city. The restaurant is excellent. The buffet was very good. They have huge spread. The service was very good and the room is very good.
One of the good residency with all facilities. Food was so good and tasty. Room was so big and television was provided with all good channels, it was very entertaining. Bed was so comfortable and mattress were so good. It is near to bus stop and taxi was available. I stayed here for 2 days and enjoyed a lot.
The ambiance of hotel was very good. It was an awesome hotel and also very awesome service provided by the hotel. The staff were courteous and the room was indeed very nice. Spacious rooms. Outer design and as well as inner design was very good. The entrance gate and front office I like the most. Good behavior of hotel staff. World class facility with luxurious hotel.
Modern hotel with great location and great rooms with luxury services. I think all facilities available and great for a single person or group and also for family in this hotel. Food and drinks was too tasty with pure products in used. It was a great stay for me in this hotel. Thank you very much Hotel "The Residency" for great facilities to us.
Very excellent hotel and well maintained for this hotel and very beautiful location for this hotel iam very happy staying the hotel. Very supportive team and very helpful team, and with in seconds attend house keeping team and am very happy for staying hotel
I stayed in this hotel for 5 days and have found it to be the most homely hotel I have ever experienced. The staff is very courteous and the rooms are clean and well kept. I need to make a special mention about the restaurants and the care taken by the Food &Beverage staff. Buffet breakfast and lunch/dinner are delightful in terms of quality and variety. I really loved this hotel and will surely make a visit again..
The hotel is centrally located and ideal for business meets. Rooms well made and has convenience. The staff here is excellent very well mannered and know how to attend the guest.The location was good, mid of the city and when the rail transit be ready it will make the life much more easier.his hotel will be in my list for my next trip..
Great Business hotel, but not really a place to take the family... The ban on selling alcohol may have an impact.  If you want a beer or a G&T at the end of a long day then you'll need to plan ahead.
Great hotel but sometime felt  too big
On the night of my arrival from NY I had a minor problem in my room. Mr Neeraj was extremely helpful in sorting out the issue immediately along with the engineering staff. His prompt service and extremely courteous manner cannot go unnoticed. Thank you Neeraj! God Bless!
I stayed there only for one night recently and i would guarantee that this is by far the best hotel i've been.The hospitality,service,rooms staffs and also the food is nothing less than excellent.  I would also single out praise to few staffs name Nidhi,Priyanka,Maya and harish whom were awesome and made me feel home..i would personally rate you 4 100/100
Really nice room and service. The shower drain had a problem that was fixed promptly when the service team was informed.
Attention to details! Fantastic!
A luxurious stay
Excellent hotel courteous staff awesome facility ... highly recommended. Would definitely stay there again
The moment you walk into the hotel lobby you will feel like a king. This is one of the biggest hotels In the world with magistic features all across the hotel. A perfect place for a family with kids or for business travellers.
I arrived in Chennai at 0430 on a Monday morning. The hotel had a car and driver waiting for me.  I was in my room before 0500 and enjoyed a short nap before my week started. Through out my stay, the team at Grand Chola was friendly, helpful, and very kind.  There are some wonderful restaurants, great pools, and good exercise facilities on site. You will not regret staying at this wonderful hotel!
Royal stay experience. It is slightly overpriced but you certainly get what you pay. Reception staff is very nice. Big lobby. Variety of restaurant like madras cafe, Peshawar & Italan foods. High security. Rooms are marvellous. Controlled by ipad, you can change channel, lights, a/c, door management, door camera, order food through ipad in your room which is very good. Food is excellent. Nice variety of spirits. Amazing experience.
Very quiet and nicely nestled structure. In spite of such a huge property was very efficiently managed. Nice and quiet rooms with open bathrooms and separate enclosures for shower and commode. Food was above average.
Excellent view. Great service and great food. Swimming pool has excellent view from room. All the staff are friendly and helpful. Very good security. Has all kind of italian, pan asian and south indian food. Room AC, TV and lights can be operated from IPOD.
Value for money. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast served was really excellent. Staff at the front desk was very helpful. Rooms were very clean and well maintained. Excellent lobby. Had a wonderful stay at the hotel. Location was excellent.
The activity was available at the hotel.
ITC Grand Chola is an awesome hotel with great facilities and friendly helpful staff.

I've booked a room in ITC Grand Chola, Chennai, for my reception. After getting the room card the butler services start. They are with us like a personal assistant in every manner, every second. Totally a privatised hotel for couples. Such a lovely stay at a seven star property. Love you all staff.
I heard a lot about chola, but I found not to my expectation. Highly priced rooms, over priced food, and full of false pride staff. I think, I don't need two hundred words to describe Chola. Whatever I have written should be enough to understand hotel management.
Everything was nice and nothing to complain about. Breakfast was good with spread out choices line other itc properties. In room dining doesn't have many choices that's the only negative I would say about.
ITC Grand Chola - A Luxury Collection Hotel. Wonderful stay in great Chennai. Excellent location and facilities. Great hospitality and ambiance. Good place to stay. Beautiful rooms with free wifi. Excellent breakfast and last but not the least, a very good swimming pool.
I had visited this hotel for official trip. The room service was good. The behaviour of the staff's was good. The location of the hotel was good. There were no activities arranged by this hotel.
The location of the hotel was very good. The room service was very neat and clean. The overall service of the hotel was good. The food was very nice in the hotel. I had visited this hotel with my family for official work. Everything was provided in the room. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel. The hotel was nearby the airport.
The location of the hotel was good. The interior and exterior appearance of the hotel was very good. The booking and front office staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very nice, neat and clean. The other activity was not provided by the hotel. The food served was good. The quality, quantity and taste of the food were good and reasonably priced. The pickup and drop facility was provided by the hotel.
I didn’t take food from the hotel. I had visited this hotel for official purpose with my colleagues. The hotel was good. There was no delay in check in and checkout process in the hotel.
This is an excellent hotel if you are planning to be close to airport and conduct business.  It is massive and has two sections, and defo will come back to it if I am going back to india.
am enjoyed
In and out quickly and efficiently. Brief overnight stay before heading to airport which is a 15 minute ride away. Only hotel driver to airport was poor. Too fast poor lane discipline and too close to vehicles in front
Great hotel with excellent attentive staff. Very clean and quiet
Short stay arrived at 4.30 am from airport, departed at Noon. Check in swift which you want in middle of night. I had lost my HH card, they managed to sign me up again overnight
Very comfortable and felt safe.  Staff were very helpful and respectful. Breakfast offered a wide choice which cartered for every palate, started early and finished late.
The hotel is about 20 minutes from the airport. The rooms and washrooms are neat and clean. Rooms are well-equipped. Restaurants are nice, food is good. Staff is warm and pleasant. Overall, a nice stay. However, there is not much of a view from the hotel also is more suitable for business and family stay, not suitable for leisure holidays.
Conveniently located, staff really concerned on your comfort they ensure you get our issue resolved. I had a problem noise from ballroom was too much and my room was noisy. I requested the front desk they quietly accepted the issue arranged an alternative. Icing was they asked me to relax in the new room first and relocate the next day.
The appearance of the hotel was good. The food was good with quality and quantity. The hotel was located inside the city. I had visited this hotel for official trip. The service was very good. There were activities arranged by this hotel.
I had a great stay at this facility. I am a Diamond member who has stayed in many of your properties but I was especially impressed with this one.
Lovely hotel which is handy for the airport. Not the best location but once inside your away from the hustle and bustle outside. A short taxi ride into town or to the beach. Service and food were wexcellent.
My stay was good. The addition of the O2 spa was terrific...thank you
Amazing time at Hilton resort is very good and food served is amazing. Swimming pool at resort room was awesome. I can't tell you more about this amazing resort and I request you to conduct cultural programs. I had eaten chicken tandoori and the experience of the spicy food in one word is amazing.
Very good and supportive staff, clean and spacious rooms, neat and classy bathrooms, good food and ambience. Q bar menu and drinks quality and cost value can be improved. Rest of the entire stay was really good. One can actually plan to check in here again!
Stayed there for less than 10 hours before taking a long flight to Hong Kong. Staff are extremely professional. One of the the valet staff was super helpful. We wanted to go to a nearby mall and checked with hotel for transportation. Cab company contracted by the hotel quoted us Rs1200 while this valet was able to hire us a Ola cab for Rs 400.
Great Service, very much appreciate the reception staff went that extra effort to organise staff at the Chennai Domestic airport to assist with my extra baggage. Thanks you and Keep up the fantastic work guys.
Good central for business trips. A little on the higher side for the location. Rooms are tidy and new. Noise level is low, staff is friendly, Gym trainer is extra friendly. The new metro station has ruined the look from the front, but has aided connectivity.
The location is awesome, front office staff is very friendly, sweet and soft spoken. I like the stay, but room was very compact and beautiful, linen is very neat and clean, including towel, etc. The food was awesome, awesome service, woh, varieties and value for money.
The Hilton Chennai, is a lovely hotel with very kind staff and extremely clean and relaxing rooms. Q-bar on the roof is always hopping on Friday and Saturday nights and the food at the restaurant or room service will help any western travelers belly from getting delhi belly. Just wear your bug spray in the lobby from the mosquitos they are many.
The location of hotel is inside a colony and difficult to access without a vehicle. The breakfast provided by them is also disappointing.
Hotel is very good. Area is little inside from main road but easily get through there via google map... Maintenance is very good rooms are so nicely furnished. WiFi is there tv and most prob rooms are fully air conditioned. Overall good.
Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!Good Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!
Isolated place, very difficult to find the exact place, had to wait for long for food, cab taxi availability was a problem.
I had stayed in this hotel for a day and I had a good warm welcome in front office. Room was very clean with wooden flooring. Centralised AC, quick response with staff food was fantastic. North Indian especially, morning breakfast was good too, I would come back.
Though a business trip, it was good stay but I do hope it improves in due course of time. Since being single I might not have enjoyed the amenities but I do hope to visit next time with a friend or my family. I thank them for providing room service and good housekeeping services.
I had great stay in this hotel, this is the first place I felt people are keen and happy to serve you, with smile on their face was so genuine. They have created a good impression about the hotel the moment I landed in Chennai, and they lived up to it throughout my stay.
Average, since the destination is a business oriented one, hence has not much to offer for other target groups.
It was my lifes best place which i have ever visited
I like food, pool, staff, gym and location and a big reason for me to choose savera. Only I they could improve their internet, they would get 5 stars.
Not very pleasing. Hotel reception staff attitude needs improvment
This place is infested with roaches. The towels provided very old though clean. The place charges more due to its proximity with US consulate. Food is expensive. This is an average hotel but expensive for the rates
I had a pleasant stay with my family at this hotel, the lobby, the reception, and the swimming pool is very beautiful.
Not very good hotel ple do not take this hotel
We had a very nice stay at Savera
Not worth it for the money we paid..!
The Savera Hotel is an oldie but a goody. They have been in the luxury hotel business for 50+ years and are very good at what they do. The hotel is furnished really well, the breakfast buffet is scrumptious, the location is good (central but fairly quiet). The staff are really courteous and friendly and everything worked just fine.
Bathroom door was terrible. No hand towel and water bottle provided. Bathroom towel was dirty and has to be changed. Room look looked old and worn out. Out side view is a concrete jungle and very badly maintained and dirty terrace Breakfast was very good. Staff were polite and courteous
Great staff, Desk Rep Sibasan ( small build guy who take care on desk wearing glasses and dark skin guy) very Delete repeated word helpful, great food with great environment. I am sure next time I will stay at hotel Savera.
ours was a short stay. rooms were well maintained and serviced. we needed a late checkout which was smoothly executed.
Repeated follow ups for hot water and internet didn't fix the problem. The staff was prompt but in a 4 star hotel hot water and internet should not be an issue.  Room service food was pretty bad and always cold.
good experience with hotel. Had good facilities. Near to US Consulate and Beach
Slow check-in, waited 30 mins for check-in. Room and bathroom was not clean. Waited another 20 mins for checkout.
It's really hard to believe that now with 3-4k in hand ... You can easily get a room in a 4 star hotel that too with complimentary breakfast. All thanks to MakeMyTrip and yeah the stay was really worth every penny spent. Cheers.
The premises is too good. However there is a problem with cleanliness in swimming pool water, otherwise overall experience is good. The hotel must look at its food menu rates. Better if you booked with Makemytrip app so that you can get best prices than any other travel app.
Great stay at Savera Hotel during my official trip to Chennai. Located in the heart of the city. 5 Star hospitality that you could expect from a porter too. Nice rooms and delicious food. Commendable room service. A lot of options in breakfast. Will surely recommend to my dear ones.
Good, please don't disturb by keep asking for review and sending many emails, I don't want any updates and don't force us to write 200 words, I am quite serious about this please don't force me to stop using MMT app.
Rooms are well-maintained but corridors are maintained poorly. Stayed only for one night but heard from my colleagues that it is one of best hotel with more than 80 years history. Can try to stay here with family and friend and also convenient for business meetings.
Nice and looks good. Better please provide some facilities like Mobile charger and all. Bed is OK but not cleaned well. Rest room is good. Rest of all hotels to compare nice and find. Buffet tiffen is very nice and food is also good.
We were in Chennai for admission of my Son at SRM University. The Hotel was little bit costly. But, stay was very comfortable. Food with different type of variety was mouth watering and tasty. Service was fantastic. Cleanliness and modern facilities are really appreciable.
Hotel location is good. It's near to German consulate and shopping malls. Breakfast was superb with many options. Room was comfortable. They have pool and its always occupied. And food quality is good. We had a great stay.
The hotel looked pretty decent from outside. However, the hallway was smelly and dirty. Room was smelling and very stuff. Bathroom was not clean and felt very suffocating. It's not value for money. Service was good and the people were nice. I strongly feel they could have maintained much better.
I liked the hotel, people are very nice, good service. But the room in which I was staying 411 would have smoking smell though it was a non smoking room. Ambience was pleasant, it had pool side hotel too, Swimming pool was also accessible for the guest, we enjoyed that too.
Room was very neat and clean. Business Standard room was quiet spacious. Very good buffet breakfast. There was a gap between floor and main door due to which, you can hear outside corridor noise and vice versa. This may be due to old construction of hotel. Its Gym and Pub - both were really good. It was near to Embassy so easy to move around. Service was good. I would suggest this hotel to others. It was value for money.
Hotel rooms were very poor with broken floor boards. Receptionist was not ready to take any feedback and no proper response for questions. I wouldn't recommend Savera to anyone. I was charged thrice the amount mentioned on the snack pack.
The hotel is clean and comfortable with a wide choice of food in its three restaurants. Staff are courteous and friendly. There is a very efficient travel desk. My request for late checkout was accommodated readily but the amount charged for a 4 hour over stay beyond their usual allowance of 2 hours was a little pinching when compared to the rate I paid for my 2 nights stay through Make My Trip.
Service is good. Just a bit pricey. For the same price a better quality hotel is still possible
The room was good but the health faucet in the toilet was on the wrong side, breakfast was excellent and the overall impression was good. The location of the hotel is central, very close two popular malls.
Room was VG.  Bit of difficilty figuring out lighting and electricity on/off functions and hair dryer was not working.  Over all a good value at paid price.  Front desk personnel were PERFECT.
It was very nice. I enjoyed my stay there at Raj Park. Amazing.
It USB one of the worst experience I had with Raj park
Booked a Deluxe Room with an occupancy for 2 people. The room that we got had below amenities:  1) No Ventilation. 2) The room was stinky(The room was smelling like it was in close proximity with drainage)  3) Congested (The room was very small) 4) The window opened(open the curtain) into a huge wall which was 2 feet away. Which means forget the natural light you cant even see the sky from the room with an opened window.
Very good hotel
Overall stay was good .
Breakfast was very excellent,as well room services also good
The hotel is excellent and value for money, thus was my almost 5th or 6th stay at this hotel, I prefer this due to location and near to airport, the hotel staff is courteous and helpful, they have good gym facility also which is handy white travelling to make up your routine workouts
Clean room. Polite front desk. Seemed overworked as a single person had to handle many clients. Breakfast had a good spread. Service at the restaurant was good. Good location in Chennai with easy access to all areas.
I stayed in the hotel for couple of days. The rooms were excellent and the room service was very good and the support staff were very supportive and helped me out to my request. I would rate the hotel best in it's class.
Please improve the room service. Rooms are not cleaned on a daily basis. Waiters should promptly come to the room when called upon. Besides a very good restaurant. Good food, good location, value for money.
The location and the ambience of the hotel is good! But the room was not clean at all. Asked for a room change which was not done. They need to clean the room before allocating. If this is taken care then this is an excellent hotel to stay in the centre of the city.
The best part was location. Other things were average. The service in restaurant was not good. Bar was good. Laundry service was good and in time. Quality of food was good. Staff was not smart. Their understanding of language was poor. Hotel was good.
0
Everything was awesome. They provide mini bar too. There is too much space for luggage and AC is too powerful. Feels like home when we are in this hotel. Food stuff is amazing. Buffet is amazing with lots of dishes snacks and that too free for breakfast and just around Rs 800 for Lunch and Dinner. Just love this Hotel.
This hotel is in a fantastic location, walking distance to good restaurants and shopping. However, Service is very poor. Staff seems very poorly trained and paid, and that is exactly the service quality they offer, breakfast not up to the mark, checkout will take a long time so be prepared to add 15-20 minutes if you have a flight to catch, coffee/tea maker in room dirty and not per a 4 star property.
Pros: Very good location, excellent cleanliness, friendly staff, nice breakfast buffet. Cons: Wi-Fi connection unstable and speed poor, food is very costly. I faced some problem with the locker and room access card, but they were promptly replaced. Except for the two cons mentioned above, very nice experience.
Nice stay .... staff interaction and their service is good... satisfied for the paid.....................................................................................................................
Very good room and nice facilities, breakfast was very good feel like homely food. But the negative one is the net access, that the WiFi connection was not working there properly. Otherwise very good room and facilities.
It was good. Worth the amount you pay. Location is good. Lot of things available nearby. Will book this hotel again in case I wish to travel to that side of the country. Overall a good and happy experience.
Hotel Raj Park is a very good one located in main location of city. The room ambience is very good. Food served is very tasty. The stay is really worth able for the amount we spend. Finally service given is nice. We can reach the hotel very easily from any corner of the city.
1. Very close to consulate and convenient for visa interview and finger printing. 2. Very good breakfast - variety and service. 3. Room was clean and worth it. Overall, top hotel especially for people coming for US visa.
Very unhappy despite paying more, waste of money
Got for a day and night. Nice staff. Upgraded our stay from Deluxe Double to Superior Deluxe upon our arrival. Very convenient for US Visa application center visits, hardly 2.7 Kms from Main center and 1.6 approx from the OFC. Good restaurants near by.
Convenient location. Good breakfast.24 hour checkout is very convenient when you have a late night flight.
The stay at this hotel was pleasant. The room was very comfortable. The staff was very friendly.
Very pleasant stay. It gave great joy to my family, especially daughters who were out for the first time. Adjoining with EA shopping mall is an ASSET!
Excellent stay. The staff was very courteous. Food was very good. Very convenient as it is attached to the mall. Room was clean.
Great hotel. Rooms were clean and large.  Hotel is attached to the Express Mall, which is convient.  Good service and breakfast.
It was a pleasant stay, for the time we spent in the room. Definitely worth  staying in, if one has  to spend a night at a hotel in Chennai. Reception was kind enough to check us in a couple of hrs prior to the standard check in time, something I was not aware of prior landing at the hotel.
Hotel need good Maintanance and breakfast was poor
Amazing
it 's got a veg breakfast
Arrogant Starff, the way they treated was horrible, i was terrible disappointed. worst Staff i have ever seen in hotels, and they are really crazy.
Hotel room was spacious and very large. The services offered by the hotel personnel are cordial and appreciable. Only discomfort was that the hotel was providing only vegetarian food items. However the adjoining food court in the EA mall was providing all types of food. Overall hotel stay was enjoyable
A++ friendly staff, direct access to the avenues mall, food quality great. Can improve by providing atleast 2 towels for a twin room. Stayed with my family for few days. Enjoyed the stay in e hotel. Will visit again.
Hotel E in Chennai is located next to the shopping mall - express avenue. My stay there was great and memorable experience. The room was very clean, neat and good. Bathroom is spacious and great. More choices of breakfast dishes need to be improved. It is recommended.
Food options are less ... Rest is up to the standards. Biggest advantage is it is near to the mall .. You can spend your free time in the mall. Both reside in the same compound.
Hotel is good one which is built inside express avenue mall with wonderful modern look. Food quality was OK ... Type, beautiful lobby area. Location is also good.
Had a pleasant stay. Staff and service is very good. Since the hotel is located in the city, it is very easy to go anywhere and in the free time we can roam in the express avenue mall which is located in the same premises. Would love to stay again.
I have a nice stay here. Everything was fine for me. The hotel have an entrance to the shopping mall from the lobby itself. That seems good. The staff of the hotels are very friendly and good behaviour.

Hotel is very good and rooms are very clean. The location is very good and it is placed in heart of the city. We can easily access to the shopping mall and it has a good ambience. The staff are good with good hospitality and breakfast is very good.
The best value for money and the beast in luxury. Great interiors, classy rooms. Very good access to mall and transport services. In the heart of the lies this beauty. Food not so great. Great over all.
Quiet hotel in the middle of town. Very convenient. Neat and tidy. Laid back. Service takes slightly longer than one expects. Not too much choice on the variety of food. Overall a pleasant and happy experience.
The location was good but the there was no service, you don't get the feeling that you are in a hotel. The room size is good, I found cockroach in my room and I found the hotel to bit expensive for the services.
It was my third visit to this property, excellent location, great people and it was my birthday and they made it memorable by celebrating with me. Awesome food, well maintained spacious rooms and value for money.
I keep coming here, it's a great place to stay at Chennai, but I always find if their customer care are more focussed they can get more out of a regular visitor. I tried connecting with them many time, but they don't offer comprehensive package to suit individual request. Any way, it's like choose your own, and I would be doing so till the time I don't look out of options around.
Overall, good experience. +ves: * Located inside a mall. Convenient location. * Big rooms. * Helpful friendly staff, though the guy at reception was cold but I would not let that cloud my overall good experience with the hotel staff. -ves: * Weird policy of limiting internet to only two devices per room. * No baby chair in restaurant.
Amazing friendly service, convenient location. Would recommend highly.
The hotel interior is really modern and spacious. Its strategic location added value for the money. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. In fact they even help us to get movie ticket as we are rushing with our busy schedule. The best of the hotel is its attached to a new shopping mall where you can get A-Z and you don't need to spend money on transport or worried to shop till late night. Definitely will visit this hotel again.
Perfect travellers hotel. Great services and wonderful food. The rooms are neat and clean and well kept. The newly furnished rooms are even classy. For regular visitors and tourists absolute value for money. No need of wasting money in needlessly fancy hotels.
The overall experience was very nice at the hotel. The activities were not available in the hotel. I had visited this hotel alone for official tour. All amenities like TV, AC and geyser were available in the room.
This hotel is very near to many shopping places and very convenient to restaurants and easy connectivity to almost all requirements and also very affordable to common man. Also good friendly atmosphere you can see many local sight seeing places near by this hotel
The food was provided with vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. All amenities were in working condition in the room. The room was neat and clean. The check in and checkout was good. The receptionist was good and co-operative. The transport facility was not provided in the hotel.
Everything was good at the hotel. I had booked room in advance. In the hotel activity was conducted. I had visited this hotel alone for official work. I don't have any suggestion for this hotel. The internet connection was provided in the room.
I had been to Chennai in the month of November. Traveling towards the Chennai I stayed in Woodlands Hotel for one night & one day because of due to heavy rain very good accommodation to stay, far from city. Good food but room rent is expensive. But all so OK.
I was going to Chennai at last month for some work & visiting Chennai. Me & my sir stayed at hotel New Woodland. It is a big hotel. They have good swimming pool. We stayed here four days. I was enjoyed at Chennai. Like Gandhi sea beach, Merina sea beach, Golden sea beach & Chennai city centre.
The hotel which I like very much in Chennai. But swimming pool is chargeable. I suggest this hotel especially for family people. The hotel have much space for parking. Morning breakfast is very nice & enjoyable.
New woodlands chennai which gave me a homely experience with a luxurious touch for one whole night along with my family. The management totally makes the whole customer with 100% satisfaction.Coming across the food,they are pretty good in providing most Delicious and tasty food as our need.Totally staying here will surely gives you a lively home touch experience. Thank you......
Had a very pleasant and comfortable stay. Right from the pick-up to the smooth hassle free check-out. The food was tasty and we had a lot of varieties to taste. The best hotel in Chennai and the staff were very helpful prompt and cooperative. The service was excellent and will certainly recommend.
Great reception, nicely connected to various important places, nice walking area, swimming pool, two restaurants, good South Indian delicious food, security, you can visit with family. Most economical, I stayed in this place for a single night and was quite satisfied.
Extremely helpful staff, clean and comfortable room, splendid breakfast buffet.
The additional bed provided was a disgrace Did not provide the required sheets or additional towels paid for
We would stay here again. Clean, comfortable, amazing food! Occasionally there were mosquitos in the room.
Best hotel with excellent staff specially John with great service at the restaurant. Great staff with great location in the heart of the city what else can you ask for and great value for your money
Its a great place to stay. Staff is prompt and perfect place for business commuters. Food is lovely. Location is perfect. I have been staying at this place on regular basis and highly recommend to all as its value for money property. Should have full size or bigger swimming pool.
In just few word, its worth money, absolutely amazing stay, staff will make all possibility to make your stay memorable. I had amazing stay.. It in my favourite list, & I make sure to repeat stay again soon.
The hotel have good facilities. Its hospitality and services are very good. Every waiters are very much polite. In its restaurants, we have many options, too. Just the swimming poor is a little small. TV channel have no HD Channels.
It was very high quality stay. The reservation team were able to handle my special request. Room as very good, with high quality firings. Only sad was part of fluctuating WiFi.
Guess! What greets you when you reach this hotel and just come out of your taxi. No, no garlands or a welcome drink but a bad smell of the drainage, I believe this is just opposite to this property. But other than that hotel is fine and stay was good. Though little dull than compared to other Radisson branded properties.
Overall the hotel is a cosy place to stay. But they don't have any added facility for enjoyment. It is located in the hub of the city Nungambakkam. The staff members are very polite and caring. I preferred staying here as I had an appointment at Sankara Nethralaya which is absolutely in the proximity. My conclusion for this property- a wonderful stay!
Nice hospitality and cleanliness it value for money you can stay there with family also I will suggest this for you.
Good.
Conversation was not that much
Beautiful radisson blu with amazing facilities which will amaze you like Honda amaze. With amazing food with different varieties, with awesome service and good location ... Where you meet good people with good thinking with no bad thing in their mind.
The service and stay was nice. The staff were friendly and approachable. The food was good and the ambience too. I would recommend people to stay in this Good option in reasonable price if you ate looking 4-5 star rated hotel”
The service and stay was nice. The staff were friendly and approachable. The food was good and the ambiance too. I would recommend people to stay in this hotel. The hotel is at a decent distance from the airport, which makes travelling easy. A good stay overall.
A Nice place to live at, a Little expensive though, but luxury comes at cost. All the basics amenities were provided. The hotel has a Nice bar and good three restaurant, the food was good but the in room dining menu was limited. Over all a good place with trained and cordial staff
The best place to stay when in Chennai .. A perfect combo of right location, perfect cleaned hygienic rooms, tasty food, excellent service .. Do visit the place when in Chennai .. Rate it the best place.
Stayed for one night at the hotel. It is centrally located very near Anna Salai road. The rooms are good with all modern amentities, buffet spread is very good, the staff is helpful and ever smiling. Swimming pool is too small. Lobby needs to be made more comfortable with having good seating area
The hotel was in great condition, the service at the hotel lounge was average. The breakfast buffet was excellent, they had the best spread and good food.
Fabulous and helpful staff. Great brand new hotel.
VERY DECENT DECOR AND COMFORTABLE STAY. GOOD FOOD, LAVISH BUFFET. VALUE FOR MONEY.
Fantastic service by staff at every touch point. They were very friendly and helpful, and especially so when we were stuck in Chennai due to the floods notwithstanding the hotel running at full occupancy. Cannot imagine staying at another hotel in such times - they have really taken good care of us!
Very nice multi cultural buffet breakfast  Wonderful on site restaurants
It was a wonderful experience .. The hotel is neat and the staffs are friendly too .. Overall recommended for short stays ..
The hotel was very clean.  The hospitality was excellent. Friendly atmosphere.  You just feel at home.  Great hotel.
Nice good hospitality front desk should be more agile and bell desk should get the luggages as early as possible.That is the only area they have to improve
amenity, breakfast, facility is good compare to it's cost. people are relatively friendly while I am checking out I was requesting a bottle of water which is complimentary in room but they was charging it.  breakfast is good in terms of variety of fruits and miso soup is available!
The club room was comfortable & in pristine condition.Complimentary breakfast with multiple food choices.Overall it was a good relaxing stay.
This hotel is one of the best around in the area for both cost and location depending on target venues. For certain businesses in the area (which is a growing hub) it is very convenient.
We stayed there for a night. Myself & my friend. We felt that the hotel is value for money. Staff are courteous. Ambience is pretty good. Rooms are well maintainer with good decor and ample facilities. Overall we had a pleasant stay. Thanks MMT for recommending a good hotel
I visit this hotel every month as part of business trips and it is extremely good. Close to Mahindra world city, the hotel has all facilities and service, room quality, cleanliness and hygiene are very good. This is a fairly new property as well. This is must stay and only good hotel if you are planning to visit Mahindra World City area.
The hotel is closer to SRM university main campus. I had some work there and this was the best option nearby. The room, food and service was excellent. The property is only 18 months old and still looks very new. The breakfast spread was of international standard. Overall a pleasant stay.
We are happy with our stay and would like to stay again. Hotel Room is very Clean and service is OK.. We can understand the delay in service as that particular day it was crowded. But still there is room to improve in service.
I stayed there on business trip. Nicely managed. Got good rates on MMT. Hotel should start good price on meal too for business travellers. Overall recommend to stay if you need to be on that area. It is away from main city.
Good Hotel by all means very convenient and cooperative staff. Food is also pretty good it's very close to reputed institutions also automotive hubs. I recommended its the best hotel for stay who have the work those places. This trip was my second visit next time also it's my favourite.
Clean and tidy hotel. Staff are very professional. Only disadvantage. Little away from city without any continence stores in the vicinity. Wi-Fi is only limited to 2 users per room. Hotel should consider free shuttle to SRM university. Thus would considerably increase the occupancy.
After about an hour's drive from the airport once you reach the hotel, the first view of this ITC group hotel was quite pleasing. The inside of the hotel and the rooms were pleasant. Staff was gentle and helpful and the food was of good. It certainly was value for money.
It was fantastic and value for money. I enjoyed a lot with my dad and brother. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. Room service was perfect.
Compared to the kind of facilities you get in an International Hotel for the same value, this hotel is not a value for money. Not a good choice for food. The overall experience of my stay is below my expectations and little depressing. The dine area is not a good location with in hotel.
Nice place for staying if you have work in orgadam and MRV. Quite convenient and may be the best place in that area. Breakfast spread was superb and for dinner as well the variety of foods available for buffet was quite elaborate. On the top of Wi-Fi was good
In short, worth for money. An amazing experience and I definitely liked the breakfast buffet as complementary one. Also the rooms are very spacious and everything is perfect. It will be good if they club buffet dinner with some more tariff.
Great stay near industrial hub of oragadam. Beautiful room and facilities. Breakfast was classy. Definitely recommend for stay in both club and deluxe rooms. Hopefully prices are made competitive and more catchy for non business customers.
Didn't liked the food either lunch or dinner.The fitness center is for namesake, have no equipment and trainer. Vary far from airport. Didn't find any good reason to travel so far for ITC brand. Thanks
I hate to have a food, there was no proper food preparation, kindly change the food module and the people are nothing cared about the preparation I feel I lost 3500rs but the stay and views impressed but do please change the food.
In general our stay was comfortable.
Booked this hotel because they advertised with the view. Picture in the internet looked completely different from the small and shabby room they gave us after we insisted on a view.
Very bad rooms and bed was smelling bathroom taps not working etc Bad experience
Good hotel at the best location with affordable rates. Courteous and helpful staff. The food is good and the service is pleasant. The staff is very honest and they know why I am thankful for their honesty.
Throughout night it was noisy because of aircraft landing. The windows are poorly insulated.
Nice very good cant complain.
Everything was very good in the hotel. The room price was reasonable in the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers. The activities were not available in the hotel. There was no delay in check in and checkout at the booking office of the hotel. The hotel was value for money.
The complimentary breakfast was provided by the hotel.
It was nice stay for me in this hotel because the location of the hotel was near to the city only. And staffs was also do operative. But manager of this hotel was tottaly good because I did not face any problem in this hotel related to the service food or anything. For me it was value for money. And if I will come in this city so I will stay here only
I had visited this hotel for official trip. Railway station was nearby the hotel. The hotel was well maintained. I didn't face any problem in check in and checkout in this hotel. The room was good. The service was very nice. The food quality and quantity was excellent. The activity was arranged in the hotel. I would recommend this hotel for upcoming travellers. I don't have any suggestion for this hotel.
It was very nice experience for me. When I entered the room it was awesome. Very nicely decorated. Housekeeping is well maintained. Food is delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful through out the stay. I guess everyone will enjoy staying in this hotel.
I took room in midnight 2:00am but front desk was very active. Very nice hotel and good service. Clean room and bathroom. Front desk was very helpful. Excellent breakfast. Location is good in central railway station10 min drive to railway station and 45 minutes drive to airport. .
Awesome experience with Fortel, excellent room and very hygienic. Located near the Egmore Railway station. This hotel is the best choice if you have to stay in Chennai / Egmore. Staff is good. Never experienced such kinda hotel. Finally Fortel - The fantastic hotel.
It is very good hotel compare to others and it is very near to railway station , I enjoyed alot in this hotel ,and the room service is excellent, the bathroom was provide very cleanly, and the features in this hotel are good ,they provide Oyo rooms the way receptionist was very often good, lunch and dinner was very good and it has good condition ac and good condition lift
It is very good hotel compare to others and it is very near to railway station , I enjoyed alot in this hotel ,and the room service is excellent, the bathroom was provide very cleanly, and the features in this hotel are good ,they provide Oyo rooms the way receptionist was very often good, lunch and dinner was very good, and the condition of ac and the lift also very good
It is very good hotel compare to others and it is very near to railway station , I enjoyed alot in this hotel ,and the room service is excellent, the bathroom was provide very cleanly, and the features in this hotel are good ,they provide Oyo rooms the way receptionist was very often good, lunch and dinner was very good, and it has lift and good condition ac
The staff at the hotel's front desk were absolutely fantastic. Location is very nice. The staff there were very friendly and helpful. I lost my iPhone and the front desk staff helped me to call all the places I have visited. Bed was super comfortable, room is spacious and clean. It was clean and beautiful - and the water pressure in the shower and tub is fantastic. Great hotel for business or pleasure.
The hotel is very good. It has very good facility of food and breakfast and it is very near to the railway station. It is also very near to Cineplex and bus stand. There are very good surroundings and good space for walking. The rooms are well decorated spacious. Room service is very good. The hotel staff is also very good.
Fortel Chennai is one of the best luxury hotel in Chennai. It is situated at a prime location in Chennai. It is quite a good hotel providing various type of amenities. Service of the hotel is also good. Clean hotel. Rooms are good and clean. Staff behavior is also very good. Overall, the hotel is good and affordable.
great
Clean, functional place to stay. Not quite as close to Marina Beach as it states, as we found out when we started walking! Still walkable distance though. Lots of little shops + market stalls around but did not see obvious places to eat. Not an obvious area for foreign tourists to stay as we did not find any other tourists in the area. This is not a problem for us but might be to others.
front desk staffs are really good,they don't have a kitchen so everything you eat comes from outside restaurants...
Crowded Area, plenty of shops nearby. Traffic is very heavy. Wifi password keeps changing everyday. Very friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are average. Worth the price though.
I booked this hotel because of 3 star rating but it is not worth to 3 star. The location of the hotel is in very crowded place and maintenance of hotel is not upto the mark. The bed sheet was dirty, the chair cloth was broken looks 2nd handle, the bathroom has broken wall. Overall not worth for money.
I will recommend and prefer to stay in future ... Good service and good staffs
Rooms are very small. But all the amenities are available in room. Free breakfast, newspaper, WiFi. But location of the hotel is in Mirshahibpet market. As it is in a market area so the hotel front area is a little bit congested. Good for short stay.
The hotel staff are rude and not at all friendly. When asked for breakfast they denied later after showing reservation which says breakfast included they said it will be serve @11am. They service sucks big time. Even after reservation, they made us to wait for 1hrs to get room keys. Don't be fooled with other rating. Total the experience was pathetic will never stay in this hotel anytime in future.
I really happy about this hotel stay. the hotel is close to the most visited place in the chennai city. over roll I'm happy and I'll recommend to my friends.
Excellent staff and facilities, great value for the money. Enjoyed my two day stay here.
I like to stay here overnight when travelling via Chennai to or from further south in Tamil Nadu .
Above average  Morning buffet was averge for 5 star hotel.   Smoking smell thru out the corridor.
Good nice hotel. Clean and comfortable
Rooms quite alright, bathrooms clean, bed mattresses out of shape i.e. Curved in the torso region & need changing as they are not comfortable to sleep in, food average, i would not mind staying here again but enough reasons for making it a better place to be in -  surely. 6/10.
Really hotel staff is not experienced , on check in I was told its king size bed but in room it's twins and got excused , sorry we are fully booked , no person in hotel to help you with your luggage and also the time take your luggage to put in taxi , no people , no much opotions in breakfast
Very present stay.
We stayed one night because we had a stop over in Chennai. We chose this hotel because it was close to the airport. We had heard a lot of mixed reviews about the hotel but we didn't have any issues.
good
Spacious Rooms, Clean Bathrooms The services is the one of the worst in this categories of hotels Check In Time tooooo long. In room Service Pathetic Breakfast you will not get anything, looks like you have lost in market, Staffs are not helpful. Guest Service - No response (phone keeps on ringing, no one to attend) Check Out - Pathetic,
We were surprised at just how good it is.  We loved it, and would certainly stay there if we ever return to Chennai.  I congratulate the managers and staff for a job well done.
Very decent staff. Helping nature was good and very near to Chennai central and park station. Overall, good and very safe hotel to stay!!! Market area was also close to the place. You can get taxi or auto easily.
Location is very good. It is near to Chennai Central Railway Station only 6 to 7 minutes walkable distance. It is an average hotel and function of the front office also is also rated as average. Regarding the food it is good and room is good but bathroom is so small.
There were activities arranged by this hotel. The best part of the hotel was cleanliness and service. The food was good with quality and quantity. I would recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers.
The lady receptionist was acting like she owns the bell hotel and said BIG NO for everything that we requested for. She said finally this is not for serving customers at all since you booked from make my trip. Very very bad experience just because of her
It's nice place to go and enjoy, it has everything it. It's one of the best place I went. I really enjoyed it. There is no drawback in the hotel. You can really enjoy the place to see. It need to add some entertainment game with it so, all will love the place.
1.11E+249
One of the worse hotel. I have seen in my life specially for single room. Railway track nearby, so whole night you will not sleep also AC noisy. Worse hotel and total wastage of money. I will not advice single person to take room in this hotel. No silence and renovation not upto mark. Totally they made me fool.
Hotel rooms are good. Front desk is staff is good. Difficult to communicate to restaurant staff. Food service pathetic also IRD. Acceptable overall. Nothing great. Location is good. If service improved it can be a good hotel. Rooms are not that great facilities can be improved.
The hotel was located in the city. The appearance of the hotel was good. I had faced the difficulty in check in and checkout process. All amenities were provided in the room but TV was not working condition in the room. The behaviour of the staff’s was not friendly in the hotel. The food quality was good in the hotel. The activity was not arranged by the hotel.
Rooms are very neat and clean. Staff is cooperative and friendly in behaviour. Hotel is located nearby Chennai central station but I recommend to take taxi for approaching hotel. Food is very delicious. Only thing where I'm not satisfied is that they are providing limited access to wifi. Overall, I give 4 out of 5.
Food service is good and complimentary breakfast was also good. Room service is excellent. Rooms are neat. Yeah people can choose the hotel and main reason to stay is nearby railway station and market area. Overall, to stay in this hotel is good but parking area is not comfortable for four wheeler.
The hotel was super convenient; management was friendly, efficient and effective. I would definitely recommend this hotel to all friends travelling to Chennai. Rooms were spacious, bathrooms clean with quality toiletries and breakfasts were sumptuous.
Good value for money. Very neat well appointed room had a very comfortable stay. Very near to city centre. The room had a great view of the sea shore. I would recommend for long stays too as you have washing machine and all cooking range.
The hotel is clean, convenient and good value for money. Staff are courteous and helpful. However, they need more training to be efficient. They are prone to mistakes in taking service and food requests. Buffet breakfast needs improvement. Was my third trip.
Too much good experience with hospitality, cleanliness, facility and privacy and good value for money... To keep mind relaxing... Keep it up... Wanna visit other properties by this Somerset people.
Food is expensive .. Other than that a great hotel . .
I am deaf. Bar is closed and Restaurant is okay ... It should be more decoration as beautiful. I enjoyed swimming top floor and weather is good
Very Good Service Apartment which gives you a feel of Hotel. Facilities, staff and cleanliness was good. Restaurants can have more options. Locality of the hotel is good. Hotel should provide Valet parking for the cars. Overall experience was good.
Overall, it was good experience. Rooms were spacious and they were kept very clean and tidy. Room service was good. Good dining experience. With swimming pool and lot more. Located close to malls, temple, beach etc. It makes travel more easy. Must visit.
Very good hotel at reasonable price, Location is good, food is excellent and rooms are spacious, Staff is friendly but had taken a long time to check-in than usually happens, Very close to beach and have nice view of the beach from the hotel, prefer for weekend stays with family.
Regular stay nothing to write home about. During morning breakfast they ask you to go to reception to collect breakfast coupon. First time I have come across this weird practice. If you order a drink in the room the waiters want you to settle the bill by cash as it cannot be posted in the bill. Most unusual and unfriendly.
This is excellent hotel for long term stay and also for family. Lobby is very clean and good. Breakfast is OK. I really enjoyed the shower and the Bathroom is excellent. Good view from my room. I recoded this hotel for all types of stays.
Worth staying, value for money it give all facilities available in any apartment do stay once in your life time
It's one of those places that's the very definition of home away from home. And even better, home that has lovely people helping you out with even the tiniest of tiny things. The staff is just wonderful - Vinod, Prashanth, Ashok.
This is an awesome property very well maintained and the service is matching to there standards. The infinity pool is excellent with roof top jacuzzi and we'll equipped gym to take care of your health. Overall excellent.
The hotel was located near the iyyappan temple and the surrounding by sea views. The hotel was very good condition for the best price. I really enjoyed the location very well. It was in very hot of the city centre and the service was excellent and value for money.
Excellent and renovating stay. Nice room. Great roof top pool and hygienic gym. Food could be better. Also the rates for repeat customer need to be considered. I wanted to extend my stay but due to rates I couldn't continue.
Good, well connected to the city, value for money deals
At best I would rate it 4 star. The Restaurant is ok but again nothing like 5 star.  The rooftop pool is very good and that's  the reason I gave a 4 for facilities.  At night you can hear the dogs barking in the street below.  Outside the hotel its pretty grim with a lot of rubbish left lying around.
Excellent place to stay in Chennai. Almost a 5 star hotel and the staff is excellent. Good buffet breakfast
the buffet breakfast was not up to the 4 star category.
Washroom was stinking .. House keeping were not active in their job .. They were pretty slow .. Like the pool ..
Lovely few days stay at the Somerset. Rooftop swimming pool was fab. The breakfast at both attached restaurants was varied and lovely to have freshly made parathas! Although watch out for the evening buffet -well over priced. Room was great with everything you'd want if you were staying for a long period. Staff were polite and helpful. We'd certainly recommend the Somerset!
Hotel and facilities are good. But checkin staff was very rude and arrogant. Was not welcoming, and was brusque with the paperwork. Didn't inform us of breakfast timings and so we missed it inadvertently.
Repeat customer. Very accomodative with late checkout request.
Stayed there for 2 days with family.  Hotel was very clean, comfortable and comparable to international hotel chains. Would definitely stay there again.
Descent security check, Warm welcome, good escort to the room and briefing, nice breakfast,other usual comforts.on the whole I enjoyed my stay. Thank you
Air conditioning will need further maintenance. For a 5 star hotel my room was very musty and needed to be changed. In addition, the temperate gauges did NOT work on my air condo and thus the room was freezing.  For events, the staff was really good and cooperative
Really enjoyed the Japanese and Chinese restaurants, menu and food were excellent. Rooms were clean and quiet. Used the shuttle service everyday and was very easy. Will stay again next time I am in Chennai for work.
I had a bad experience and will not visit this hotel again
Very comfortable, there was an excellent selection of breakfast and dinner. Watch out for overpriced bottles of water though!   The staff were extremely helpful.    Lovely outdoor swimming pool - but very dark in the evenings - could do with better signage and lighting.
Hotel is not a 5 starts hotel anymore. The neighborhood is in construction so you can't get out by walking. The hotel has a ballroom so they have parties every night and you can hear it in the room (7th floor). Breakfast is mostly Indian, so if you don't like Indian food you're in trouble. The free WI-Fi is lousy
Over all its great and pleasant services from entrance
My fifth stay at the hotel for business. Rooms are great and the restaurants are excellent although not cheap. The room service menu is very good though and reasonably priced. The best part about the hotel is the staff who are very friendly and always helpful.
enjoyable
Most impressive service by staff in all areas. Good restaurants and fitness center. Beautiful hotel. Love the creative way the bathroom is set up that makes it both beautiful and functional. Love the many shelves in room and bathroom. However, the grout in the shower area looks like it needs some deep cleaning. Still, had a wonderful time at the hotel.
The linens were smelling bad, and the elevators had a pungent odour. The housekeeping was not up to par of a 5 star hotel. They didn't clean the rooms regularly, I had a big argument with the housekeeping manager.  Doorman Syed and K. Subramani from Bell Services made my stay comfortable, even with these ordeals..
Stayed at the Hyatt in Chennai for the first time and was a refreshing change from the other hotels in the city. Great rooms , brilliant food and the location could nt be better.
We had a great experience  STAYING IN THE HOTEL when we had visited Chennai for a short stay
The cleanliness was appreciated. The hotel is also well situated in the center of town and shopping area.
The hotel facilities are really good.The buffet breakfast is really taste and good varieties.
This hotel is in good location, but room services and cleanliness leaves lot to expect.
Very happy with my stay at Radha Regent. Very friendly hotel staff, facilities and the buffet was excellent with lots of variety.
We a family of 3 stayed for a day at Radha Regent, The Room size was ok.The toilet was good,The extra bed provided was a ramshackle piece.The Breakfast was splendid and the staff highly professional.Parking was hassle free.
Good
The location next to bus stop on bangalore to chennai route was what drew us to this motel.  It is quite nice inside.  The breakfast buffet was amazingly good with lots of Indian and Continental breakfast items.
Hotel is simply good But booking through expedia has made it miserable. Very poor communication.  Inthr hotel wifi is poor.
Satisfied with hotel cleanliness, staff support and breakfast.
The rooms were spacious and breakfast really good. Felt like spending some more time but had to rush for some commitments. The resto-bar has a classic set-up. Didn't quite look out for the gym. Planning to stay here in future when travelling with family.
Excellent hotel. Very good hotel at peak location. Service is excellent including 24 hours room service. Good ambience, complimentary breakfast is awesome with large variety of items. 100% I am satisfied.
Had a good time. Worth of money the ambience excellent and attentive service by staff. Varriety of food option and bars and security and safety standards very high. Laka
Hotel room is just average. Washroom was not cleaned at the time of check in. Would not recommend. Gym was average, overall not value for money. Very old property not upgraded at all.
Very good hotel at peak location. Service is excellent including 24 hours room service. Good ambiance, complimentary breakfast is awesome with a large variety. However the room facilities can be better, that would be like icing on the cake. All over very pleasant stay.
I stayed in this hotel on 28 June 2016. Stay was nice. Service was excellent. Breakfast menu was good with lots of variety for veg and non veg. Hotel location is also easy to locate. Overall experience is good and I will recommend to stay in this Hotel.
Stayed only 10 hours... Good experience. The break-fast is excellent... Especially hospitality in restaurant ( Breakfast) is good. Even though it is complementary they value their customers Only one thing which is not changing in India... The reception people start calling from 11 O clock for check out... Every one knows we have to check out at 12 noon... At least start calling after 12 if gets delayed.
Friendly staff with excellent breakfast. The only draw back was the music at Geoffrey's was too loud and conversing was next to impossible. Nice concept of smokers and non smokers room as generally in a room where a person smokes the room smells of tobacco.
It was a very good stay. We enjoyed our stay. The ambient and facilities were good. The food was good and the services were prompt. But they would have added Business news papers availability for the guest to keep them abreast of business developments and current business news. Overall it is very good.
cvpisfivfsgfofgfogfaomfmgoimfdogfdogfdojgofjdgjfajgfisjgmfvkmfkdmvfmgifmgiofamvmf,vmlfmvofmvofmvofvmfmvofmvmfmvfmvmfmlifmgmflgfgagfkgksfdkgl;kflgkskg;laskg;lskgksgk;skag;skgs;kgksdf;kkdskfdskfkdskf;dlskf;ldksf;kds;fkdskfkds;kf;sdkf;daskfkds;fk;dslkfdskf
Rooms need some refurb as it looks old and the toilet need to have proper bathing space. Though it is not in the centre of the city it is easily accessible. Food is OK. Other amenities are good.
Very good hotel. Nice service. One of the best hotel and well trained employees. Excellent food. Really delighted experience for two days. I had stayed with family. My son really enjoyed during stay in this hotel.
Nice place to stay with family at reasonable price. Food is really delicious. Rooms are very neat and clean and the place is really pleasant. WiFi facility is good. Value for money. Always my first choice in Chennai is Radha regent.
I liked it very much. I recommend my friends and relatives to book room in your hotel. Food was very delicious. I like buffet system. Free breakfast idea is very nice and attractive yummy dishes.
Though I have stayed in several Sarovar Hotel across India. This was my very 1st stay at Radha Regent Chennai and overall experience was good. Location and hospitality was excellent. And service and cleanliness of the room was good. I will prefer Radha Regent for future stays and refer to my friends to Radhika regency.
I have stayed at the radha many times due to its location for my business. The rooms are run down and basic with need of updating. The noise level at night due to live music within the hotel is annoying but is over by midnight. That said the service is always exceptional and the food in the lobby lounge is also excellent.
It is an ideal place for the price. Good restaurant. Very close to textile & jewellery hub of T Nagar. Other good veg restaurants are also close by. Though it is a small building easy to locate. I recommend strongly for frequent travellers.
Queens way park was good hotel to stay for corporate people, but inside staff are not much educated and unprofessional behavior. Complementary breakfast are not much good, quality of food also not much worth. Inside room was good and cleanliness, I loved it. Overall hotel was below average and costwise to stay at this point of time OK.
Located in prime area. Budget hotel with clean and neat rooms. Food is very good. However non availability of flexi check out (12 noon strictly followed) and very few staff to assist in room service is only problem. Very good hotel for short stay though.
The Hotel is good and clean. But the breakfast spread is poor. The Food quality is average and no much options to choose from
Everything is Excellent ... Location - Heart of the City, Food - Awesome, nice Hotel, Easy Connectivity, Prices also reasonable, worth. Good Hygiene
Was on a business travel, good hotel.. Stay was good except the breakfast served.. Not much variety & WiFi was slow. Beverage kept in Mini Bar way too costly. Overall as it was close to the place I wanted to visit, & just one day.. No issue.
It was pleasant stay, rooms are decent, service was very good. Very good location too. Only one issue I have faced was - Internet availability for first 2 days was issue. Once I spoke to reception, they have fixed it on next day. Overall its value for money.
Good place. Good food and good service. Everything at the hotel is worth for the money spent. Overall I had a great stay at Queensway Park. I will definitely come back again for a stay at the hotel.
No cleanliness, rooms full of mosquitoes, pathetic service, OK food. Never suggest to go to this hotel. Very limited options of breakfast and dinner. Mediocre quality of food
Good one, recommended. Liked the hotel and their services. Hotel location is also ok. The rooms are comparatively bigger than the tariff. Cleanliness is also good. Staff are well mannered and services are good. Breakfast is also good and room service as well.
The staff is really nice. The rooms are good and it is in a good location as it is near many stores. The breakfast served is also good. It is good for both family and business travellers. I would recommend it to my friends and family. It is worth the money paid.
Overall a decent place to stay. The location is perfect, easy to find. The rooms are also good. The only disadvantage is the restaurant. It doesn't have a lot of variety to choose from. Even the place is pretty small. However the taste was very good. Hotel staff is also courteous and made it a very good experience for us.
Good one, recommended. Liked the hotel and their services. Hotel location is also ok. The rooms are comparatively bigger than the tariff. Cleanliness is also good. Staff are well mannered and services are good. Breakfast is also good and room service as well.
Value for money for sure. Very courteous front desk & all staff. Clean room. Everything good. Would surely recommend. Good for family as well as for business travellers. Breakfast (included) was good enough for the price of the room. It's restaurant is though little bit highly prices but not very expensive. Location is good in T. Nagar. Also railway station walking distance. Overall a good experience.
Hotel dhik dhak hai.rate ke hisab se achi hain, lekin nasta average tha,@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@##@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@××@×@@@@@×××××××××##@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Not worth 5k for a night. 5 star hotels in chennai are around the same price. Not at all worth the price at this hotel.
It's a decent hotel located close to Marina beach and a few good restaurants, very friendly staff.
Excellent location with best vegetarian food available in the city. Easily accessible in the heart of city. Regarding WiFi it's bit slow and room cleanliness is bit average. Can improve a little bit on these two aspects.
Hotel is very neat and clean, breakfast was very tasty and lot of varieties were there. Staff is very polite. Its a pure vegetarian hotel but nearby we are having good option to have non veg. Two to 3 malls are nearby only.
Except for Location, there is no value for money. Poor Service. No hot water. Not provided proper linen. Despite complaint to Front Desk, no action was taken, No alternative room was provided. Due to proximity to US Consulate, we have stayed there. Else a Strict NO.
Hotel is very nice with pleasant ambiance.. Rooms are very good.. Only problem is with hot water.. We will not get hot water continuously.. Have to cal them many times and after half an hr we get them.. Complimentary breakfast provided is not of good quality.. Apart these two it is very nice hotel to stay.. It is very close to beach and also malls.
Nice hotel
From airport and central station reachable distance service and neatness is good location is excellent no pollution calm and silent hotel rent affordable
Good neat and clean. Centrally located near to railway station, near to beach. Veg hotel and worth staying for the tariff. Rooms are good and near to mylapore temple. For family stay is also good. Good restaurant with only veg. No egg also they make. Pure veg
Nice place to stay, center of Chennai, parking facilities good, cleanliness is good more is needed, noisy at night, light was coming inside the room while sleeping curtains need to prevent light entry needs to be done, little expensive for the facilities, food for breakfast, more needs to be done.
Too good. Centrally located, clean rooms, fantastic hospitality, uber and OLA cabs can reach easily, beaches are just 2 kms away, decent locality, good food, fine dine and bar, awesome service, cool ambience etc....
The hotel is located very ideally which makes it easily accessible for people travelling for work. The hotel rooms are decent and clean. Service needs improvise though the staff are friendly. Booking the room through make my trip was a brilliant experience and with the fantastic offers the deal seemed very appealing.
This was my second visit to DP. My first one was good so I booked the same hotel for my 2nd visit. But this time the experience was pathetic. There was cockroaches on the dining table at Olives. The toilet sink was open and stinking every time the tap was open, no hot water on both days, the bathroom door doesn't lock, corridor doesn't smell fresh. Dont ever order their in -room food. Its ultra expensive and not good.
Food facility was available at this hotel. The food quality was good. The hotel was nearby the mall. The behaviour of staff's and executive was good. I had visited this hotel with my family. Parking facility was available at this hotel. Gym facility was available at this hotel. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout service was done on time. Wi-Fi service was available at this hotel. The hotel was value for money.
Deccan Plaza
. .........................................................................................................................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,...............,,,,,,,,,,,...............,,,,,,,,,,,
Good one. But not so good for the money which you are paying there. Especially for the food. But service was good and room was very good. I will recommend this hotel to others as it's got a good location and easily accessible.
I booked this hotel for 1 night on 18th May, the hotel and its staff are very well mannered and helpful, in all a pleasant stay, thanks to Makemytrip and Deccan Plaza and veg breakfast buffet is very good, rooms are OK. Cons:- The bed-sheet had stains which was changed on informing.
NOT VERY HAPPY  WITH  HOTEL     STAFF VERY GOOD  VERY CLOSE TO  US CONSULATE  VERY CLOSE TO RESTATURANTS  NEAT LOCATION
Ok good
Hotel is located in a central place. Nearby shopping place.  Hotel staff are friendly and services are good.  Hotel is maintained well.
I checked in late and I had my visa interview the next day, I requested them for a late checkout around 3-4, since my flight was in the evening but the staff was so rude that they refused me on the face for the same. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. I had to sit in their lobby until I was supposed to leave for my flight. The room was also not so clean and hygienic
Cleanliness of room,/hotel, Hotel location
Very good location, ideal for US Visa interview and roaming around.
Stay at the Hotel is satisfactory. We are not aware the Hotel has 24 hours checkout policy. Only on 3rd day morning they have informed that we should checkout at 8.30 am and we felt something strange. As per their desire we checked out at 9.00am.
Nice Hotel.  Excellent helpful Staff. Pleasant Stay
Great Experience
Best place to stay in Chennai. Friendly staff. Wish they have 24 hours check out policy, had to pay extra money to stay extra 4 hours in spite of staying and paid for 3 nights. Little bit flexibility would help international passengers flying in and out of Chennai. K
Always up to the exacting standards of Taj hotels, especially in India. This one feels very corporate though. Rooms are a bit small – even though we had what was supposedly a club room. Service was excellent – great staff, especially at breakfast, always at hand to assist. Breakfast was truly awesome. The Taj hotels we have stayed at (in India) simply have the best breakfasts in the world – no other hotel group comes close
Very nice hotel with excellent accommodations and service. Don't miss the pool - it is a peaceful paradise in the middle of a busy city. The hotel staff went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed and that our stay was perfect.
A pleasant stay. Staffs are friendly and polite. Clean and comfortable
It was good
Hotels.com should advise customers of other charges . I was not aware of a luxury tax and other charges which pushed the price considerably .
In this Hotel everything is catered for. There is no effort spared by the staff to ensure your stay is perfect.
Staff are very well trained and quite helpful and not helpful to the point of being annoying. At check in, I asked to first see the room, I was shown a room that seemed small and not updated, I was shown a room that has been renovated which turned out to be perfect !!
A top class hotel in the heart of Chennai with a diverse set of amenities, sure to please visitors from all parts of the world.
Rude and unfriendly staff behaviour, will never book again to spoil my trip in a bad place. The staff and management are just dumb and the don't have any aticate and policies that can help a client in a helpful manner. Will never visit this place again and make sure none of my friends will.
Ms. Shobana at the front desk and mr Sivaraman at the South Indian restaurant were extremely thoughtful. The room was comfortable. The pastry shop in the lobby is brilliant. Very warm and courteous environment.
It was a superb hotel. The appearance of the hotel was good. The reception of the staff’s was very friendly in the hotel. The complimentary breakfast was not provided in the hotel. The lunch and dinner was not included in the package. I had visited this hotel for business purpose. I would not recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel. The overall experience of the hotel was excellent.
Staff made us feel at home. We were always greeted with little surprises like goodies for my child, a soveniour for my wife. Room service and cleanliness were of top quality. We also had a great dinning experience in southern spice.
Hotel was very accommodating and front desk staff, security personnel were good and pleasant to deal with. The hotel's offering on food is very limited and choice of international cuisine needs improvement. All staff were very courteous, polite and welcoming. The hotel is clean and well maintained.
The hotel was located in center of the city. The taste of food was good. You can feel the warmth of the staff. While checking out my card was not working, the staff helped me regarding that and their politeness impressed me. Everything was perfect, except arrival experience
its very good im very enjoyd and it near to the transport sorces to railway station and hotel look was very beautifull in and out look but improv the services in the hotel food also niss but no activities in the hotel ....beautyfull stay in hotel its niss location ..... ........................................................................
One of the best hotels in Chennai. Location is perfect, staff is perfect, food is super awesome, service is great and rooms are very clean and spacious. Recommended to all. The experience in Taj was the best in comparison to any other hotel.
One of the best I've stayed so far. Excellent! I Will definitely go back. The room was decent sized and bathroom was clean. The food is just awesome. Breakfast buffet also has an amazing wide spread. Go for it.
good hotel ...good destination..facilities of the hotel is good manitances of the hotel very good food and service was very good .location of the hotel looks very good also front off looks good appreciate and keep up the good work and contiunue to do
Hotel rooms is very nice and very clean. All staff are very cooperative. nicely situated, well managed, courteous staff, Excellent food quality, top class amenities and high standard facilities and excellent customer service. We have experienced a very comfortable, memorable and courteous stay.
Hotel location and servicing and treating the customer is very excellent. Facility given by taj is very good. Customer receiving and behaving also very good. No drop back in hotel. All the things done by them is very good. Keep going. Improve some more option
Well maintained and super service. Breakfast is very good with multiple options. Room has audio music system for music lovers. Comfortable stay. Located in heart of city. Welcome during check-in is very traditional. Hotel is worth recommending and great value for money.
Its a Good hotel and its fore to the beach, The rooms was very good and there service is also good. They have a pool to play, but its small. You must visit the place in Chennai. Nice hotel and there food was good. And there are some more places to visit with family & friends.
Really it was good and Excellent internet to use in the hotel. And also i love this hotel very much. Very high rich of foods to eat. Noone can beat them in Hotel allignments. I think it should not a 5Star. it should be a 10 Star hotel. more varities to rooms. and etc and etc....
This was one of the best hotel stays in India we have had. This was a value for money experience with excellent hotel facilities, great food and, above all, very well trained staff who were all very courteous and went out of their way to make this a great hotel experience.
Trivago listed the hotel as near to MEPZ but it was actually ~20kms away.  But no complaints. it took us only 45 min in peak hours and 30 min in non-peak to and fro office.  Good overall experience. There is no lift and that's a big dampener. Good Wi-Fi connection and hassle-free too. Good Food.   Recommended
The place is simple for a business stay. The food cooked in house kitchen is clean and freshly made.
Don't try this hotel as these people do not have restaurant and will provide only toasted breads for breakfast. Poor parking facilities and no geyser at all. It's only solar heater water and doesn't get hot water only. Western toilet sucks and lights are poor
I have got the chance to stay at this hotel. The staff are very courteous with good attitude towards guests. It has got food facility also and the staff takes utmost care to attend the individual needs. The management is keen to take feedback from guests to enhance their service.
It was very good hotel for staying and we stayed only one day but It was very nice experience. The service was very good. They take of everything. The room was very nice and pleasant atmosphere. The food was very tasty and we tasted all south Indian food item. It was very nice experience.
The hive is one of the best hotel for staying and as I was a south indian, the hotel was perfect and the food was very tasty and delicious. The management was very good and the room was very neat maintained and everything was very good at the hotel. It was nice experience.
We were very tired when we reached this hotel. The service was very nice, they received very well and shown the room. It was very pleasant room and everything is nice in that room. After we had dinner. It was very tasty dinner and desserts were very tasty. It was very nice experience.
As per my review it is one of the best hotel in Chennai. It looks very beautiful from outside, it's front gate is very nice. It resides in the heart of Chennai, the hotel management and staff are very friendly with customers. The food provided is hygienic and delicious. The rooms are clean and well-maintained, the cost is not high compared to other hotel. Facilities like Internet and gym is awesome. Finally I recommend all to visit the hotel.
It is good hotel to stay and it was very good experience to us. The hotel was very decent and very well-maintained. The rooms were very spacious and very cool after we had breakfast and was very tasty. Hotel staff is helpful and room services is quick. Location was great.
It was a nice experience for staying in this hotel. And the management was very good and the room was very well-maintained. The food was very tasty and delicious and excellent desserts. Very pleasant atmosphere in the rooms and the best for staying in Chennai.
We were very happy to staying like this hotel. the room was very nice and pleasant atmosphere everywhere, and the food was very tasty and the southindian food items were very delicious and the management was very good ,totally the hotel was very good for staying.
The location of the hotel was great. The rooms of the hotel were nicely painted with proper cleanliness. The staff of the hotel are so fast and well-behaved, polite. The restaurant of the hotel was good with delicious food. The have a nice park in the front of the hotel. I advice to the travellers and tourists that to stay in Chennai, please prefer The Hive.
This is good hotel to stay and it was very good experience to us. The hotel was very decent and very neat maintenance, the rooms very auspicious and very cool after we had breakfast and it was very tasty of South Indian foods. The hotel was very cool to stay and very good room atmosphere.
This is one of the best hotel in Chennai, the location is perfect and the rooms are good. The walls are well painted also the furniture are the best which were offer by the hotel almost everything was good. In hotel and the staff were also professional towards their duty. I really enjoyed 5 days and those 5 days are the best important and markable day of my life.
in our journey we were worried about the place to stay with the help of these staff people we were able to get rid of our worries plus the rooms are adorable the site is great my wife loved the place we will be coming back soon thanks for such an good experience.

It was an awesome experience in hotel Hyatt. We enjoyed a lot, had a great time. Had a remarkable time & enjoyed there hospitality they have provided. The hotel was a five star hotel. Good clean rooms & there staff was very friendly. One more thing they had a very fast WiFi facility. Beautiful surroundings, I request everybody to stay at this hotel.
The customer service was very good..The dining experience and service was excellent and the room quality was very good.. the spa experience was also pretty good.   The location and congestion around the location was inconvenient.
We stayed one night at this hotel on transit from colombo to londo. the air conditioning in the whole floor and in our room was badly defective resulting in significant dampness throughout this part of the building. we felt this hotel was basically uninhabitable.
nice service
i came here for official work The hotel made it so much more convenient and pleasurable The staff was extremely helpful and went out of their way I will definitely stay here again
Stay was very very comfortable. Good service. Large rooms. Good of options both for breakfast and dinner. Value for money
The hotel was good. The Wi-Fi facility was provided in the hotel. The pickup and drop facility was provided in the hotel. The best part of the hotel was location. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel.
One of the best hotels in Chennai. Ambience is good but I do not think it is well received by visitors. Never plan to travel Auto's in Chennai. You travel experience will not be good. Hotel also providing shuttle services also when required. Service is fabulous. You will love it.
Everything was very good in this hotel. The activity was available at the hotel. I had visited this hotel for official trip with my family.
"We had a marvelous stay in Chennai at courtyard Marriott. Wonderful interiors, very good service and some excellent dining too, must recommend the hotel's Esenin Restaurant for the blini and caviar and some exquisite salmon dishes. Very reasonably priced too for a luxury hotel.
Hotel staff, especially at Paprika restaurant were very cordial and helpful. They went out of their way to help us.
bathroom ciel was leaking with water. not a good option to stay in chennai
The hotel is very well situated although the latest work by the Chennai metro has made the approach a little cumbersome and also in traffic time can take a few extra minutes to reach. The hotel has sniffer dogs to sniff cars and seems to but very security conscious. The rooms are nice and the food also good. It has the class of the marriott chain.
A fine day, I went for a dinner, it is really good the way they served the quality of the food and the taste is also very fine. The positive is the valet parking and the negative of the hotel is if a food got over it takes some time for them to fill it back.
One of the nice hotel compared to other hotel. Room is so spacious, food is so tasty and delicious. Bed is comfortable and mattress are so good, it is near to city, all facilities are available. Hot water facility is also available, room is so clean and appearance of the hotel is good.
This is one of the best hotel in the city clean and modern hotel room was nice. Staff were very helpful and polite. Food served was very delicious and had good taste, the buffet breakfast was very delicious and had wide spread of varieties very good and hygienic. Hotel rooms are kept clean and well-maintained. My stay was excellent enjoyed the stay.
It is one of the good staying place, i stayed here for 2 days with my family, it is so big and bed are so comfortable and mattress is good, food are so tasty and good, bathroom are so clean and neat, front office is good, all need to stay in this hotel and enjoy the day.
This hotel is awesome with superb service. Rooms are spacious.Very very good hotel, staffs are very good, conference hall is very good, food is tasty, swimming pool is good, indoor play activity is good, room service is very good, hotel location is very good. Front view of hotel is very good. Hotel service is good. Overall very pleasant stay. I would definitely recommended to all visitors to Chennai.
Had an excellent stay in Chennai. Courtyard Chennai is located at a very prominent location. Nice welcome and excellent ambience. Food is also excellent but costly. The executive lounge provides you the mood to relax. The leisure facilities like swimming pool is very good. Would like to stay once again.
Had very good experience. I stayed in this hotel with my friends. The staff of this hotel is very helpful and quick. A/C facility is available. Its location is well-maintained also the water is very neat and clean. Special foods are available here. The weather is perfect. All kinds of foods are available here. Overall, a very pleasant stay. Love to visit again soon.
Not as comfortable as other Courtyards in India, especially decoration etc.
Big rat in the room couldn't sleep.. had the US visa next day.. would recommend it very old hotel bulding and it smells
Had a great stay. very helpful and attentive staff. went out of their way to provide the odd request. pleasant. salon a bit slow and not up to the mark
People @ this hotel serve / take care of the guests very well and make you feel comfortable.
Good
liked the peaceful environment, generous and healthy cuisine at the restaurant, daily newspapers, prompt response to my requests and the very polite and very courteous front desk personnel.
Clean rooms and clean toilets with all basic amenities for a business travel .
Nice stay .
Overall good experience.
Wonderful and very good customer service. Very good location and very helpful staff members
Good food, friendly staff and well designed rooms. Nice utilization of space everywhere and the decor is great fun.
Stay was awesome
Very good and comfortable stay. Location is excellent.
I had requested for a king size bed while booking. What the hotel provided were twin beds . Except that the stay was comfortable
This is a comfortable stay hotel with friendly staff. The location is central and next to a high end shopping mall.
we had a comfortable stay again at Green Park. The staff are great and look after you well. We really enjoyed the breakfast too.
average amabiance and comfort of lobby,breakfast room
Barbeque option nice especially  if we do not like spicy food. Shopping mall opposite very  interesting.
excellent experience, courteous staff, clean and nice ambience, good food
The good - Very nice hotel building, nice room, clean, good TV channels, not bad gym, breakfast good but same every day - ok if staying only 1 or 2 nights only. The bad - Extract fan in bathroom didn't work, Some of the front desk staff were not friendly, tried to overcharge on extra bed when already included in price, only Indian food good from room service avoid western food.
Easy access to shopping, mall and transportation to the city and airport. well maintained facility. hotel room maintenance staff is friendly and helpful. Check in process could be improved with friendly staff at the counter especially during late evening.
Good place to live, but was very expensive. Food was good had lot of varieties. I would recommend only if the nightly price is little less.close to everywhere. Shopping, good food spots, easy to commute around. I stayed for 4 days. Had it been cheaper in price it would have been better.
I stayed at the Green Park Hotel for 5 nights and found the overall experience very satisfying.  The staff were friendly and helpful, the food was good and it was great to have the Forum Mall right next door with no major roads to cross.  I would easily recommend it to others.
I stayed for a day in aloft and the food was amazing.. Liked the room as well but could have been better as it was short of pillows and towels. All the other basic amenities are present and would give 4 star for the food alone and 3 star for the overall, experience.
Nice hotel. In midst of busy it corridor... Well located... Clean... Nice breakfast... Rooms though are quiet small are well maintained... Well equipped gym area... And pool drawback is no driver dormitory.
Good services. Good environment. Rooms are very clean and safe. All varieties items are good. Aloft hotel cost are good in comparison of any services. Suppose we want any facilities they provide on time. Aloft Hotel cost is less in comparison of other hotel.
Aloft - standard not maintained. Not very clean. The bedspread had stains... Aloft is an international chain and their standard abroad is completely different and is on a different scale. A lot needs to be done to maintain the same standard. An okay experience but not worth the money and the brand.
It was a very good experience staying at your hotel. All facilities are perfect and ambiance is very good. Service is very good. Food quality is excellent. I enjoyed my stay looking forward to stay here in future.
Wonderful stay in Aloft. Food was good. Nice hospitality services. Breakfast was free and was of good quality. Room was clean and decent one. Hotel staff was also very helpful. I stayed there for one day and it was a nice and great experience for me.
My experience of this hotel was superb with excellent hospitality, good food and great ambiance. A perfect place to stay if you are travelling with family. Comfortable rooms, extremely supportive staff who take care of all your needs. Surely gonna visit again!
Good and pleasant stay this onward journey in my home state and I greet them to keep all the time best .
Very good in hospitality services. I must thank to each and everyone who did service for my stay. Good food. Good room service. I have stayed there for 3 days and all the three days has been a good experience for me. Very wonderful stay in Aloft.
Overall the stay was good, though the room service was below expectation. When we requested the hair dryer to be replaced (which was out of order), it took them a cool half an hour to so. Some other room service request (for room slippers, towels etc) took quite awhile too. The reception seems to give a cold welcome which we did not expect from ALOFT, as we have stayed in other ALOFT hotels before and the welcome was warmer than here in OMR.
Great experience. I just visited the place for a little while for a get together with my office mates. Amazing ambiance and a super cool pub. Awesome food and drinks. The place is neat and clean. A good luxury experience. Service was great in-spite of the crowd with no delay.
I stayed in Aloft and was a good experience. The rooms were neat and tidy, spacious for double occupancy. Room service was prompt and good. Food was good especially the complimentary buffet breakfast. WiFi connection was also working fine. Overall a good hotel to stay.
Friendly staff but lack of process and quality visible everywhere. Food was fine for an average Indian guest, but my colleague didn't had any great choices. A bar with fewer options, housekeeping staff who needs multiple reminders, made the stay to the other side of expectations, especially to someone who is experienced with an Aloft stay in some other country.
Aloft is near the global hospital where we were admitted a relative and we stayed here for a night. It's a cozy place with a great restaurant called dot yum. We visited the restaurant and gorged on their lamb chops and chicken salad. Both were yum unfortunately our medical stay got extended and we had to shift to a service apartment. Will definitely drop in again on our next trip to Chennai.
It has refreshing look, definitely not a traditional style of hotel what we see elsewhere. If I stay near Sholinganallur, this is the place. I stayed nearly 1 month didn't feel boring. They do have attached bar and restaurant with nice food. It's a quite a place to relax from business schedule.
I always overlooked the funky lightings and the offbeat decor but one thing I can't get used to is the room itself. No storage space for clothes, odd shape of the room,the ac location which makes the room too cold or too hot and very ordinary service at the restaurant just makes it a bad place for business travellers.
I like to stay here because the location has many options for eating and other shopping needs.  I have stayed many times here and things are perfect. At few points, I feel that it is little over priced.  Hotel is in excellent condition.
The hotel is modern hotel and the room was very comfortable. The staff were very pleasant. It is some distance from the airport and there is nothing around the hotel.
was really good :)
Experience was good. I couldn't spend much time at aloft as I have come for an official purpose. The ambience is very good in the hotel.
Facilities: Modern; Value: Inexpensive; Service: Go the extra mile; Cleanliness: Delightful;  overall excellent in location for price.
Really so good The quality of food has to be taken care of
It was great pleasant and memorable experience for me during the stay at Le Royal Meridien Chennai. The staff and crew are very professional and friendly. Special thanks to the the manager who helped me in celebrating my specie day here at the Hotel.
Was a very pleasant stay, everything was super good from rooms to staffs to ambiance, food so forth !!!
Though hotel offers 24 hour stay for make my trip booking it is 12 noon highly objectionable. The price appears to be high for make my trip guests. Please contact them to remove the discrimination to make booking through make my trip more economical.
Not quite like a 5 star experience , It is barely at a 3 star standard at present. Needs to do a lot of Improvement
It was a nice staying here at this hotel  I would stay at this hotel next time but I was annoyed that I had to pay for wifi service
As we had booked hotel for different date by mistake and requested for prepone the booking for which MakeMyTrip has well accepted, but on personal visit request also Hotel Staff didn't supported.for which spent almost 1hour over phone with MakeMyTrip executive and in the hotel reception.
When I checked in last time, the service I received is very horrible. We stayed 2 person in a room. When we asked for water, they are on chargeable basis. Also @ nyte when we ordered food, they confirmed food is available and after half and hr i. e by 11:00 they are telling that, kitchen is closed. Food is not available. I
I had visited this hotel for official trip. The food quality was good. The activity was not available at the hotel. All amenities were provided in the room. The behaviour of staff’s was good in this hotel. I would not recommend this hotel for upcoming travellers. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel.
Our stay at the hotel was very disappointing, on arrival the wifi was not working. The toilets are smaller than the cupboards. No other facility is available and cleanliness is also bad. The service for breakfast is great though and I appreciate that but for the rest I guess it was all a waste and unpleasant stay.
Located centrally. Value for money. I should specially appreciate Mr. Prabhakar at restaurant for breakfast. Superb service. I definitely like to stay again. I will recommend superior rooms which are really awesome. Good hospitality and front office response is good.
I have stayed in this hotel for a day but experienced very bad. The rooms are very small and not spacious and comfortable. The look from outside is good, but not hygienic one. Breakfast complementary but there is no variety available. The price is so high, but not worthy to stay. Can find a good hotel in the same surrounding at same cost. Overall, not so good experience with this hotel.
My flight to Chennai arrived in the middle of the night and I got to the hotel about 5.30am, realising I couldn't get into my room until midday. However the guy at the front desk let me have the room at 8am which I greatly appreciated.
It was nice experience of stay in hotel. Hotel is located at the heart of the city. Very close to the railway station and bus stand so it will save time & money. Complementary breakfast was delicious. Recommended for stay for business /leisure / to see the city.
this is very good and decent place in chennai, near airport.. all set when i have arrived. thanks much. will come back again )
There are lot of hidden charges in this hotel. I ended up paying around 50 % extra above the room rate in addition to the tax. I never stay back here.
Very near to airport. Staff are polite/
Do not book this hotel. Got the worst room I have ever seen in a 5 star hotel in India  In the new room the faucet was loose and was ready to fall off  Avoid this hotel
The hotel was almost k.The staff peple were responsible with their duties.All are doing there joke upto the mark,But only few buggs,Overall the room are well ventilated amd could find few more things that are not much used.Overall i feel good with this.Rooms are not that much clean.I enjoyed your hotel company but not that much.Overall i hope its a gud time in ur hotel
The carpet in the rooms and corridor need upgrade. Trash cans are full of rust and have holes in the bottom.
Superb staff, great food and amazing spa treatment. Love the lobby. Rooms are super spacious but needs a little brighter lights and more plug points. I was upgraded to a large room and my friends were in a different hotel and their room was modern but very small.
Cockroaches in the bathroom! Decent food and service.
THE APPEARANCE IS GOOD AND THE STAFF CO-OPERATION ARE VERY GOOD. AND THE FOOD NEEDS TO BE IMPROVED A LOT. ROOM SERVICE SHOULD BE IMPROVED WE HAD A PROBLEM WITH TV BUT THE MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT COULD NOT ATTEND ON TIME SO I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THIS. THE QUALITY OF THE SERVICE IN THE FRONT DESK ALSO NEED TO IMPROVE.
Shabby, musty rooms with cracked mirrors & washbasin. A rusted in-room electric kettle and an in-room controller that is on perpetual date 14 June.
very good hotel at a nice location.service is good and view are adorable.rooms are good and service is also very good.food is ok. staff are friendly.must visit this hotel once.welcome drink and staff behaviour was good.room service was also good.i like to visit this hotel once again in future.
The comfort Inn is really a comfortable hotel for the tourist's, it was amazing to stay in that hotel actually! Overall the infrastructure of the hotel was excellent and I am excited to stay there for the best service that they have done for me with group! I'm sure that I would like to be there for some other time.
We usually visit Bangalore once in every six months and we prefer comfort while staying for we always choose Comfort Inn which has good reception. Rooms are awesome with maximum facility. In a place like Bangalore, it is very difficult to get parking space but we get good parking lot. Restaurant is good, not much expensive. Overall, rating is very good.
I have stayed in Hotel Comfort Inn for couple of days. Its a very good facility in the heart of the city suitable for stay with family at reasonable rate. facilities and other arrangements are value for money. The have disciplined room service system. Lift facility is available. Overall, It was a nice experience for me at Hotel Comfort Inn, Bangalore
Everything was good and it was a peaceful stay. Food was extraordinary. Rooms are very clean and services were good as well.
This is a good option for business travelers in Chennai. It would have been even better if they had provided free airport pick up and drop off like Radisson
Hotel facilities are good, Staff at reception poor
Spacious rooms and good breakfast buffet. Pool is small. Beach facing rooms . Overall we had good stay
Bathrooms were not cleaned, Towels were old and dirty
Hotel was clean, reception was welcoming though not courteous enough. Had to wait a lot for check out. Rooms were well furnished. Breakfast menu was good and was tasty. All in all a good stay for short visit where you don't have to rely heavily on staff.
I Booked a room with two twins.  I tried daily to get the twin beds; I was told they would call me repeatedly. No one called.     The room was never vacuumed and they ran out of towels. When I checked out they charged me taxes even though I paid for the rooms through Expedia. Now I have to be reimbursed for the double room taxes I paid.  This stay was difficult.
Hotel is Decent. The buffet quality and options has depreciated for the worse.
excellent
Efficient, functional hotel. Linen is clean but worn-off.  Staff is courteous and helpful but less than elegant. Slight change in the attitude of the property can make this place outstanding!
Functional. Not luxurious but quite efficient.
Easy walking distance to Mall with Cinema. Not many restaurants nearby, but fortunately the buffets at the hotel were very nice. No complaints. I would stay there again.
Value: Great deal;  No
This was an unexpected horrible stay at this hotel. There was drilling going on all day on the roof due to construction work, there was a Bollywood movie set going on all day for three days that made movement in the hotel a pain, the hotel smelt musty and damp and the floors were sticky. The choice of food for non chilli eaters was non existent. I checked out and moved to a much better hotel.
Ac only in one mode. Can't adjust temp. House keeping has to improve. Lunch is really limited .curries not enough for provided food. Strange...
The Ambassador Pallava was close to where I had meetings and unexpectedly close to attractions like the national art museum. The property is beginning to show its age, but the food and service were excellent.
I always stay here during my visits to Chennai and did so this time too. All the staff from the door man, reception, concierge, house keeping, restaurant to the gym were extremely friendly and courteous and made me feel at home. as usual. The location was very convenient to get to all the places i had work at.
Average
It was good Very friendly staff at the check in and at the restuarants
Breakfast service was Dhaba Style. Lacked sophistication and style. Not worth the price.
Overall value for money. Was surprised the room was big for the price I paid
Location of The Ambassador Pallava is excellent, Rooms are very clean and excellent room service. Food is very good and hygienic. Friendly Staff. Travel and Tour information and help is available at Travel Desk. Banks and Hotels are nearby. I strongly Recommend.
I have travelled to most of the state in India and few countries abroad. To be very frank it is the best hotel according to me. The feeling of comfort and safety, a homely atmost here. Stay once and experience.
Very nice this hotel is near my home and I told my friend they stay in this hotel. Me also coming next time also this hotel, service is very nice. I applied many times in this hotel this hotel location is very good.
Though it was a short stay the overall experience was good. The AC wasn't effective, especially for people coming from Bangalore. Breakfast could have been better. All the staff were courteous. Can't do much about the ambience, couldn't go for morning walk.
It's located at nice place. Rooms are good but food is not that good and it is too costly too. Minimum things required in bathroom are not given. Toothpaste, brush and having kit is not given. They should have it.
The hotel is located in an ideal location, service is good. 24 hours coffee shop is nice. Stayed in 5th floor Rooms are good spacious.. All the basic requirements are available.. The pool is nice and huge.
The facilities are good. Value for money. TV has all channels in most languages. Room was clean and neat. Refrigerator working. Water kettle did not have auto cut off. AC was good. The bad thing was the restaurant for lunch and dinner, the buffet was overpriced, food was not great and was cold. The complimentary breakfast was good.
The location of the hotel is nice but the ambience is not good. They have to concentrate and the lift is not working by god's grace we escaped otherwise we would have trapped. They have to maintain and the breakfast is also not nice, they have to improve.
It was pleasant stay at Hotel Ambassador Pallava Chennai.. Good location and good service.. Breakfast was good.. Recommended for travellers with family or official purpose. This property is not far from railway station or bus station...
It's good and clean hotel and happy to stay here. Will suggest other to stay here and see the happiness of this hotel location, service and facilities.. It will be liked so much that a person wanna stay once again. Its good to stay with family too, I had stayed single but if I come back again here will be staying here only.
Ambience and hospitality is good. Interiors are good like any heritage hotel. Located in very convenient place to move around the city. People are good and ready to serve you as possible. But need maintenance of the bathrooms.
The location and all amenities are good but nearby hotels are more good and value for money. The hotel is old and had a rustic smell. Nearby good EA mall. Breakfast served was good. Stayed for a day only and then shifted to nearby good hotel.
Breakfast buffet is very average. Hotel and rooms has that very old look. It does not have that glamour look it had 30 years ago, when I stayed here last but at the rate I got my room on MMT and the location of the hotel... It was worth the money.
AC does not work in the hotel as it is a very old AC and beyond repair I guess. TV is also the old box styles TV with limited channels. All other facilities are good and service also is good. The location is a great advantage. Old style 4 star property.
Pretty average stay, Location and all was fine but then, booked the same basis reviews, that prove to be exaggerated! Checked in late night at around 11. 30 PM, ordered Dinner, it took almost 1 hour for delivery and the dish was not the one that was ordered. WiFi never worked. Breakfast average. Overall, if you are willing to compromise on certain aspects, I would say Value for Money.
Stay was comfortable. Its an old property and has a vintage feel to it. Staff is friendly and efficient. Pool is incredibly crowded, mainly kids, maybe due to vacation time.
Although an old hotel with dated decor it is well maintained and the staff were courteous. The food was good and the room was fine. We just stayed for a night but I would certainly reccommend this as a value for money hotel
Got a good deal over the long weekend . Otherwise the rates are pretty much high. Clean rooms and the staff has been very helpful .
The staff at Asiana Place were really helpful! They were very accommodating and courteous and ensured our every needs were met. The rooms were well maintained and their breakfast spread was pretty decent. I enjoyed my stay at Asiana Place!
Let's see: Expedia booking didn't come thru so had to get it by calling,  etc  Overall hotel is poor, lack of good facilities,  etc Restaurant is not good. Not to mention the cockroach that was running in Biryani rice in dinner buffet I planned to stay for 3 days,  got out on first. It is in such an excellent location and could be a great place to host corporate visitors but the place is just not good
A decent hotel and the quality and service of the hotel is better. I stayed for one day. I would recommend this place for the people who would worry about the Taramani traffic since it is in the center you don't have to worry about the traffic. On the whole a decent hotel. I would give 3.5/5.
Hotel Asiana Place in Ascendas IT Park was an excellent experience. Very clean, excellent service and excellent food quality. Few negative points: There is no signboard of hotel outside, even if you pass it you will not come know there is hotel. In the locality there is no other restaurant if you want to dine out. Only option would be Ascenda's food court. This hotel is good for visitors of Ascendas IT park.
The location is absolutely fantastic beyond my understanding. Gave me a relaxed experience due to less connectivity of Mobile service, good ambience. Neat & tidy Rooms with approachable and polite staff. Food was good & tasty even. Quite and calm place to relax in between busy scheldule - lovely place to relax not feeling away from home.
Stay for 15 days in this hotel, located inside Ascendas IT park. Comfort level and services are on the best. In breakfast they have limited options but whatever they have taste good. Hotel is having one in house lounge as well entry for guest staying in hotel is free.
The outlook and the facilities of the hotel are good. Highly recommended for business trips. Clean rooms, good food and total value for money. The location of the hotel could have been better (for someone who was visiting Chennai for vacation getaway or beaches.
It was a nice hotel and value for money. Nice space, good ambiance, good breakfast and good service. You will definitely like this hotel. It was nice hotel value for money. Nice space, good ambiance, good breakfast, service is very good. You will definitely like this hotel.
Quick check-in, clean room, quiet - away from major streets, decent breakfast and a not happening bar. I tried the dinner buffet and it is great value for money. The South Indian fare for breakfast - like methu vada and dosa is outstanding.   Service is efficient and polite.
Found from makemytrip, the hotel located at the IP Park, the park is beautiful. The outlook and facilities are good, WiFi signal is not so good. The breakfast is not so perfect but it is good. The gym is not so good. Service is good but need to improve, totally, it is a little expensive but it is recommended if you want to find a hotel in the IT Park.
Chennai is a good place to stay. Only issue is for food for vegetarian for North Indian. Good place for sight seeing. Crocodile park is the good place to visit. You can also go for boating. Ocean beach can be a place for enjoyment. Hotel has limited food option.
The location of the hotel Asiana Palace is very good in the midst of the Ascendas IT Park. The ambiance is also good. The room service is OK but, not very good. The people are good but, take time to serve. The view from the room is also very good. Very good hotel for business purpose visit.
A nice hotel to stay, comparatively spacious rooms at reasonable cost. Located near the IT corridor. Good food and good service, courteous staff. Hotel room is very well-maintained with good amenities. Lavish and widespread breakfast and dinner. Free Wi-Fi. I found, the staff are attentive and helpful. Nice and comfortable hotel. About half an hour from the Airport.
The hotel was best suited for business trips. The hotel has nice location for corporate trips. The hotel was located near OMR Road. The rooms were nice and spacious. I like the attached bathroom as it was good too. The staff was well behaved and well dressed. The hotel has nice front office. I like the fast and timely services of this hotel. The hospitality was amazing.
Had been here for my official assignments. Hotel Location is awesome Very well located near official area. Hotel is located inside Ascendas IT Park, The staff is cooperative., The room decor is A Class . Food at restaurant is excellent. Free wifi & airport transfer.
One of the best place near by OMR road and great environment. Excellent room services, food taste was too good, rooms are very well-furnished and are in excellent condition. We have a wonderful parking area too. As the hotel is located in Ascendas IT Park, it is much suitable for corporate guys.
One of the best places nearby OMR road, and great environment. Good place and room services, food taste was good, rooms are in excellent condition, and we have a wonderful parking area near the entrance, on time delivery of foods and services makes me to feel great to stay there for more hours.
Cold reception. Unfriendly and unreliable staff. Worst restaurant and in-room dining experience. Very poor food quality. Desolate location. A very 'plastic' feel to the entire features of common areas, rooms and restaurant. Will never recommend this place to anyone I know.
Asiana Place is an hotel setup built into a multistory commercial building , you would feel that in the design of the hotel and placement of its room in both interiors and exteriors, Nothing great about the typical .. a typical business travelers hotel where all you would be looking for a breakfast , gym , dinner and good night sleep. Its place inside a commercial complex so would not make sense for a family stay .. thanks
We liked the room, the cleanliness, extra bed for third person, size of the bed, restaurant on the 1st floor, staff, location, price/rate. I'll choose or recommend to my friends for sure.
It was a pleasant stay, only one challenge is Wi-Fi is horrible. Cleanliness and services are good. There is no landmark to reach this hotel.
Nice business hotel and very reasonable. Centrally located on a quiet street.
Nice air conditioning..good bathroom and a accessible location makes it a nice peaceful stay
Facilities & Room services are Below Average. Man power are very less. Room service are Soo much of time consuming. Network issues. WiFi not working properly
Very feasible location for stay near German consulate Chennai, quiet comfortable with the room. Don't find any good food restaurants nearby for food. Value for money booked via MMT. Breakfast included is okay, not too good.
The area where the hotel is located is best one, it is the exact place where Google show you unlike misleading to other locations. I arrived at night, the staff were good but the room where like smelly and not clean. The wardrobe was full of matchbox and the room smelled like cigarette. The reconditioning system didn't work as I thought. Overall experience was average.
Very good location in are R A Puram, Chennai. Deluxe room was clean and spacious. Complimentary breakfast was okay, lunch was good. Service from the hotel staff was average, receptionists should be more responsive to guests. Overall, good hotel at a decent price.
Nice staff. But the rooms were not cleaned daily. The TV did not work properly. The common areas were not clean. This hotel covered the basics. It is good value for the money.
I have been staying here for quite some time having made four visits in the last 2 months. The facilities are absolutely great considering the price. All in all, a very satisfying experience and would strongly recommend the same to freinds
The hotel room is clean, tidy. This place is centrally located. This place has good service and would suggest to one and all for a stay out here. Good, clean and cozy
Best place to stay at a very decent price.. Room was very clean and had all the needed facilities. But some renovation work was happening which made our stay a bit unpleasant. Have to force them to stop it.
The hotel was decent, in a very good location. The day we arrived there was loud drilling noise as there was some renovation happening. We were not aware of this. We complained and then an hour later, action was taken. Not spectacular, but definitely an option worth considering for a short stay (especially if available on offer).
I don't refer anybody No cleaning no food reception girls very worst behaviour
Overall experience is good. Nice rooms. Some disturbances due to work in progress but it's temporary. Peaceful Residential area. Value for money. Nice connectivity of roads. Refill in room is not regular,,, like water, tea/coffee, etc. If you ask they will do it. Overall experience is very good nice breakfast too. You should try this. Very good experiance.
A good hotel, provides value for the money paid. The rooms were clean and nice. Simple and nice breakfast. The only problem I had was in the bathroom. The wash basin was leaking and water was flowing in the floor while using the basin.
The receptionist was badly drugged. Another man was lying on the sofa with his hand in his pants. The property is dingy. One if the worst mistake of my life to book with Treebo. Request everyone not to stay with any treebo property.
Newly done rooms, clean wall and floors. Bed sheets were not changed after previous guest checked out. They could have cleaned it at least. Bathroom also was not cleaned properly. Breakfast was good. I will go again as it is close to office, and value for.the money paid.
Very clean, very well maintained, service and hospitality were good. The complimentary breakfast included was also very good to meet requirements of all kinds. It is also located at prime area, convenient to travel around and it was a pleasant stay.
Comfort and cozy room. However, did not like the AC setup with the air blowing at just one direction of bed. Guess it's a design flaw. Size of room is good for one person.
Room was good but staff are ok ok. Service was poor. They did not even provide water.
Stayed here during my 2day official trip in Chennai. Rooms are a bit small but, extremely neat and clean having all the basic amenities. Located at a prime location with key places like Adyar and Santhome nearby. Breakfast is good with sufficient options though mostly South Indian. Best part is its basement pub, which attracts a lot of local crowd and plays some good music for one to chill out. Overall a nice place to stay at a decent price
It was totally a good experience to stay in your hotel. And memorable moments also there. All the services are somewhat better and nice. There is also available facilities like TV, AC. So totally it was a good nice and marvellous amazing and awesome. So the things are going to be like that only. Hence it was a better experience to narrate that.
The hotel is very nice, grand and service impeccable. My room was up on one of the higher floors, but unfortunately the view was not that great (facing courtyard and opposite side of the building). The room itself was clean, nicely furnished and comfortable. Loved to have such a place to stay!
It's amazing and I got so many benefits from this. They handle us very smooth. And the hotel appearance is very good and the members are like good participants. Their method of serving is very different from all of the Indian hotels. I think they are give complete approach to us.
Very comfortable stay. Staff vert helpful and food superb
Visited Chennai for one night and had a great experience at My Fortune. Great customer service, good food and luxurious living accommodation. Overall, amazing experience!
A great experience from check in to check out. Very good food and wonderful service.
Hotel is good. But they do not have free airport pickup and charge very high amount for airport pickup / drop. Wi-fi charge is abnormally high. They do not accept payment by e-wallet. Only by cash or credit card.Due to this, making payment was somewhat inconvenient.
It was amazing & smooth
Excellent for value of money. Staff of the hotel was prompt on their service either I order in mid night then also they provided the thing I don't like in the hotel was I asked the ice bucket in night and the reply was that we have no ice.
Except free WiFi the hotel hosts nice rooms tidy and cozy. The staff is very polite. Breakfast was delicious with good variety and prompt service. Stay was pleasant and will highly recommend it for a personal or family stay.
Very close to where I needed to be, so it's the best location for me. Service at breakfast was outstanding. Room service isn't super prompt. In general, the staff are exceptional. The key card has challenges working - maybe gets demagnetised easily. Did not get a chance to use any of the facilities at the hotel this time.
Stayed in the hotel for 2 days... It is a decent property with very humble and courteous staff. Food was nice.. The room was nice and clean with all modern amenities. The location of the Hotel is very nice and easily approachable.
It is an old hotel but has been sufficiently renovated. It is very well-located and has service is outstanding. The staff is very well trained. The buffet breakfast is quite elaborate and very good. Of one has time, it is good to enjoy it leisurely before starting for the day. Did not try the other restaurants but am sure the service should be good.
The hotel which is the ertswhile Chola Sheraton is centrally located and worked well for me. What I like is the fact that the rooms are large (specially the Executive Club room). The hotel could improve its service though!!!
Rooms are very clean and very spacious. The building is old but maintained well. Overall it was a nice experience. Manager was very courteous. Food was good. Facilities provided to the accompanying drivers was not satisfactory.
Little improvement on Food and food house
. Didi right
Over all excellent and pricing too. It's in the Heart of the city. Well connectivity to all leading areas, malls, theatres, Hospital, and everything. Surrounded by Posh residential colonies like Poes Gardens. Marina Beach is just a walkable distance from the hotel.
Lovely place, lovely staff... Lovely stay. The food was good, expensive though. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was extremely comfortable and clean. Service for towels, cleaning etc extremely efficient.
Conversation was not that much
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
My stay at the hotel was good as far as location is concerned. What I feel was that there should be reorganization needed at the reception area. There should be good ample seating facility available for the just arrived customers. Pool side, though small area, may be opened for customer which wasn't at my stay. It must not be kept for show piece rather it should be allowed for users i.e guests. Beside this, the service and food were very good.
I know this hotel 33 years when I landed in Chennai in 1982. Formerly known as Chola Sheraton. Repeated stay. Quick check-in process and awarded upgraded room. Excellent service. Room was very comfortable and had pleasant stay. Good breakfast spread and tasty. Value you for money.
It was great, the stay was perfect. Perfect rooms but they charge you for wifi. Even the variety of breakfast was something you would end up talking about all day long
Excellent stay! Staff were great and meals were fantastic
We had visited chennai for a social get together. Stayed at My fortune cathedral Rd The room was spacious and clean. It was a pleasant stay and the staff were very helpful.
The hotel and staff were excellent, they tried to accomodate our every need. The bathroom however, needed to be cleaned properly.
It was a pleasant stay, staff was friendly, food was excellent , facilities were in line with my expectations but no free internet! restaurant is good and the foods are very good.  below expectation - pillow cases do not smell fresh, shower need to function properly .  Location is OK but traffic & transportation are very bad.
Staff, food, room everything excellant enjoyed the area
Very convenient location, in middle of city and easy approach to every office
GREAT STAY , EVERYTHING WAS UP TO MARK WOULD LIKE TO RECOMMEND TO EVERYBODY
good food, somewhere to crash and good customer service
The staff was really helpful. Unfortunately, we were in the middle of a big storm -- so the phones lines were down. But otherwise, the staff was incredibly helpful and the stay was very comfortable.
This is a pure business hotel for those visiting any of the companies located nearby. Good rooms, good gym facilities including a nice pool, excellent roomservice food which is important since there is __nothing__ in the neighbourhood.
Hotel is rather new so everything was in tip top condition. What is outstanding though is the service. Hotel staff (be in at the front desk or at the restaurants) are attentive and observant down to the details. Even though I had checked out in the morning, I was offered a room to shower and freshen up when I returned in the evening to collect my luggages, so that I could take my flight back in comfort. Excellent thoughtfulness!
Excellent location near airport with great service. Room was good with all facility. Great value for money. Food was good. Far from main attraction of city but very wall connected. Taxi is easily available.
Good number of options at breakfast but they didn't change much on day 2. Excellent place to stay. Very courteous staff. Well-maintained. Proximity to the airport is a major plus. Airport shuttle was a big bonus.
Good facilities and very courteous staff. Service was also excellent and you are made very comfortable. Excellent location close to the airport and easily accessible. Only problem faced was that the fridge was not keeping things cool and it was the same case in the main kitchen also.
Well-located and it's surely value for money. Staff very courteous. Quite clean and tidy rooms. Will recommend. Service was quite excellent. Also, the restaurants quite good. Will come back for stay next trip.
Had a great experience regarding the hotel. Though I stayed for a day but it was worth it. The trident team was very helpful. They solved each and every problem of ours. Will surely recommend my friends.
Very Good Hotel, From the place Airport pick up to till the time dropping everything thing is Super and the Employees are very generous and curtesy towards the Guests. Breakfast is excellent, location of Hotel is marvellous and the House keeping and the Service is Great.
I was reach there 15-04-16 and stay for 4 nights. The location was good and people of there are so helpful the hotel is nice. Room service is excellent. Food was too good. I love the food. Best part is the of trip is hole trip is best. Room was very clean. You have must stay here when you come on holidays.
Room was really great. Food is fantastic. Room was in perfect condition at the time of check-in. Airport pickup was very smooth, friendly chauffeur. While I was been dropped back in Airport chauffeur asked me whether I have taken my mobile flight tickets if I have left in the car by mistake. Stay is very pleasant and looking forward to come back again on my next trip.
Very good and friendly staff who take good care of you. Excellent service wish there was atleast one restaurant to add to the choice. Although cannot complain on the food at all which too was very good.
Excellent hotel service. The staff always greet with smile ever ready to attend you, no matter the time of the day. The stay was Very comfortable & relaxing. The location of the hotel is also good, near to Chennai airport. I booked this hotel through makemytrip with reasonable price. Highly recommend this hotel
Nice and comfortable. Hotel was cleaned and feel relaxed. Service was marblouse. It is safe and peace of mind. It is located in city and Near to Airport. Morning breakfast was very good enjoyed food. Full value for money.
I got a warm welcome at the reception though I reached very late night/ early morning. The stay was very pleasant and the staff provided all support and made my stay very comfortable. Will prefer to stay again during my next Chennai visit
Clean Green Spacious with staff full of empathy. What more can one ask for. Awesome stay. Keep up the good hospitality guys. Didn't hear a single No to any of my requests through my stay. Oberoi Group rocks.
Great hotel with excellent facilities. Awesome hospitality. Breakfast spread was great. The shower pressure was too good and it felt like taking bath in a waterfall. Will surely come back and stay.
I had visited this hotel with my family for holiday trip. The location of the hotel was good. There was no activity arranged by the hotel.
The hotel was at the apt location and very convenient. The Check-in and check-out process was smooth and easy. Their service was prompt and food was excellent. Room were nice and big with all needed facilities. It's a great hotel and prices are also within budget. Well maintained.
I think Hotel needs facelift because when you enter the room One sense like creepy oldies smell, I think better this hotel needs facelift, and in service part they should focus on listening to customers, the best I can wish them a best of luck for future.
Excellent stay in Chennai Abu sarovar portiko. Service very good, breakfast excellent, No of variety Indian, western. Free WiFi, hot and cold water every time, allowed for one or two hours late check out.
Complementary breakfast is not tasty. Only masala dosa was tasty and rest food served is average. Room size is small as compared to pics shown. Service is very good. Odour of hand wash was yukkk. TV size is very small given in room.
No room amenities.. Poor cleanliness and construction going on... Got amenities only after a strong complaint.. Price is high and amenities very poor compared to other hotels of similar category... Not recommended.
Very good infrastructure!! Atmosphere good!! Friendly employees Good delivery on time!! Best part is its in the heart of city with many amenities available... Location is good... Hospitalised surrounding with doctored on call!!
It is a good business hotel with well-furnished rooms for business travellers. Has free Wi-Fi facility in every rooms also. Food is also good. Overall, ambience is also good for business travellers. It is also centrally located for business purpose in the business hub.
Service in front office should improve lot.. Value for money.. Some construction work Is going on hence felt uneasy otherwise OK.. Food is OK cleanliness is OK location is a good one.. But front office need immediate attention.
Stayed for 3days in this hotel it is excellent, and very neat. Staff is helpful. Everything is available near to this hotel. Hotel is maintained clean, enjoyed the stay. I preferred this hotel next time my visit to Chennai.
Washroom is not well maintained, only one towel between two people and the condition of towel was so bad... Hand wash smell was very bad.. Room service is very late not am not so happy with the hotel service.
Toilet soap is not provided in this hotel. It is dimly lighted place. Very poor room service. I wanted to stay in a 5 star hotel. It looks I did mistake. I had ordered peanut masala and it was stale.
Maintenance of shower etc not up to the mark. Room with broken hand shower given without rectifying the same. (Room No 327 on 16/07/2016) which was discovered in the morning. Otherwise ok. Well maintained restaurant though service is slow. Needs to improve.
Hotel is totally renovated. Value for money. Rooms are spacious. They accept early check inn subject to availability. Check in and check out very efficient. Lot of savings when booked through makemytrip.
It was my 1st stay at hotel Abu Sarovar Portico in Chennai. And stay was memorable. Food quality was also awesome. We got great deal with makemytrip. I 100% recommend to all for pleasant stay to this hotel.
This Hotel is a nice property and has nice staff with full cooperation. Easily approachable to Marina Beach and malls. Swimming pool was not available. Food quality is OK which needs to be improved. Overall a good and comfortable stay.
The checkin to start with. The manager said he didn't have room reservation received from expedia and that he doesnt have any room available but there were plenty available.
very good hotel and wud like to come back to stay
excellent...
The worst hotel ever. The hotel rooms are worth only for 1000 bucks..the food was the worst part of all.. the morning breakfast...the most terrible thing I ever ate in my life. I will never book that hotel again. Not at all worth for money.
Hotel is decently priced and is not far away from ammenities.  Quiet and hotel with a good energy.  Easy to get an auto.    Rgds V. Das
It was good ,nice and clean
.Average neatness .Required towels etc were not readily available .
The room were nice and clean on arrival, but the A/C was not cooling, TV was not working, WIFI was a struggle to get connected to. Once these problems were resovled, the stay was relatively pleasant. Food choices are less. Need to expand more. Also, parking space needs to be expanded. Highly unorganized parking cost me one whole evening plan as I had some other untracked guest's car parked in front of mine.
Location is ok but hard to find, room was average but I think that you wouldn't expect anything better at this price.
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights from 25-27 Jan 2017. It was an awful experience. Rooms were dingy, no fresh air experience. Beds were not good, safe lockers not working, no coffee tea maker as advertised, no good bathroom accessories like shower gels, not even foot mats... Breakfast was so horrible that we skipped it the second day. Not at all a 3 * hotel.. Over all a really bad experience
Very good worth staying service good...............
Satisfied
The hotel is located in a quite & secluded lane in a nice neighborhood. Good value for money.
Good hotel, booked it through Oyo rooms & had requested for an early check-in but the folks did not get that request and ended up paying extra, apart from that the hotel was quite good, decent rooms and very good locality. Quite perfect for folks coming to Chennai for their US visas as it's quite close to the processing centre & embassy(About 2kms). All in all a good stay and neat rooms with decent food options nearby!
I was on a business trip to Chennai and was for the first time visit I found my stay very comfortable and overall experience was awesome! Staff was timely handling the service and housekeeping was good. Meal was awesome and it was hot and tasty!! I recommend to make your stay best and comfortable. Also the pool was big enough. If you are not caring for cost you get the best services.
I stayed in this hotel, it is very good hotel. Location is so nice and beautiful. Food quality is so nice and tasty. I never miss my home because it give me food like my home. We all are very happy to live in this hotel and fully enjoyed. I always want to live here.
We stayed here with family in December during my sister's wedding and was very happy with everything. Room is spacious and good. Staff are courteous with smiling faces. Room service and housekeeping both are so quick with in no time they are attending with ordered items. Necessary toiletries are provided. Very good homely food quantity and quality wise. Stupendous services. I am definitely going to come back to this place.
When I visited Chennai I stayed in bluten hotel , chennai with my family. The destination was good.the food was tasty and drinks provided by the hotel was good.the room was fully air conditioned . the location of this hotel was good. The appearance of this hotel was average. The service provided by the hotel staff was good. The hotel staff was friendly. I have requested to my friends to visit this hotel if they visited chennai
I stayed there for two days during January. The place was clean, quite and very attracting. Room was huge with comfortable bed and hygienic bathroom. Staff were communicative and well mannered. Service offered by the hotel was good and on time. Food was nice and tasty.
Hotel stay was pleasant, good location Easy to travel across city.
GOOD AND NEAT HOTEL IN  TO CITY, GOOD FOOD, NEAT ROOM GOOD SERVICE LOVELY PLACE TO STAY
Good hotel. Went with my family. Room was very good with good view, was very neat and clean. The bathroom and Air Conditioning needs attention. Food was very good both in room service which was quick and also in restaurant.
Our room was located directly above the outside restaurant which played loud music late into the night keeping us awake. The music was so loud that our room was shaking. Everything else was fine but the reason you get a hotel is to rest, and the excessively loud music made it impossible to sleep.
Bathroom was sticking drainage smell asked for spegetii with olive which was not served after complain got it exchanged but not upto the mark n upon check in surprise was spoiled as reception said cnt allow localites Ms Anita never reverted back on my questions one day before check in I asked her thanks to manger of Fo who atleat allowed us to stay m not localite but ramada is knwn peoperty in India should not create such a kind of regulations

Staff is slow but polite and cooperative. Evening dinner not good choices. Nearby restaurants not easily reachable. Talke local teansportation after one block, when they see you walking out of Hotel your charges will double. Do bargain for local transportation, give them 60-75% of what they ask. Over all good experiance. I do recommend hotel if you dont spend too much time in room.
Overall, great experience Staff were always friendly and helpful The hotel was located near to most places and not too far to International Airport Restaurants were great.Breakfast was fantastic.
Good hotel
Reception area is relatively huge and impressive but the bathroom faucets were loose and hanging. Every time we have to fix it after use.
A well located hotel, with decent sized rooms (bit dated decor) and good sized bathrooms and reasonable amenities.  The dinner buffet is well priced and food decent quality.  What sets this hotel out from the pack is the staff. Friendly, well trained and helpful.
Pleasant stay, great breakfast too.
Excellent stay.  Friendly, courteous, professional staff.  Outstanding breakfast!  This will be my place of choice on my next trip to Chennai.
The room was comfortable & location of Hotel is excellent. However the service is pathetic and annoying...staff needs a lot of training of understsnding & helping guests.
Location so so . Traffic was bad.  Second time stay in this hotel and food is always the same at breakfast table. Sad thing is no room slipper provided . I was given a room near the life which is noisy at night .
Great hotel at a perfect location. Comfortable stay for a day.. will stay again at this place .
The best of the best.... excellent service.... top notch... .
Hotel staff are terrible and their policies. Everything you need to pay over priced. May be the owner trying to recover his renovation cost fast from guests.  Pls read carefully before booking/checking this hotel. They will empty your wallet.
Recently renovated and clean room. Spacious and comfortable beds. Fantastic bathrooms. Overall we had an amazing stay.
The hotel rooms are very clean and hygienic.The breakfast buffet is really good.
Stay was very comfortable. Staff were friendly and service was professional

The location is very central and the property has been maintained well. I am returning after almost 10 yrs and glad to note this. I had to score a point less, as the breakfast wasn't the freshest best. The inroom service (dinner) was very tasty but rip-off expensive.
This is good hotel for business traveler. Hotel is clean. Location is good. Food is good and tasty. The only thing which I did not liked was service which could be exception. They were taking much more time to do any room service. Morning breakfast was awesome. They provide almost every modern facility you expect in a good hotel. Also I feel they should increase their manpower.
I stayed for two days and was extremely happy with the location, service, food and ambience of the hotel. The location is very convenient for business as well as shopping. You will also find lot of eateries around the hotel.
Very good hotel in Chennai. I never ever seen this type hotel. I was welcomed by everyone with a great smile and I have enjoyed a lot with their hospitality extended during my stay in the hotel. I suggest every one to stay in this hotel at-least one day to get more and more excitement.
Good room size, cleaning was good but need of room fresheners. Good bed quality. Need more water bottle as complementary. Food price was bit high. Need comb & saving kit, need Mobile charger in rooms in case someone missed to bring. Bath soap is to provided as there were only one soap available in room.
Its really value for money. Ambience is good. Food quality is good. Location is in central of Chennai and market area. Its very pleasant stay for us. Lifts are very speedy and superb. Its overall get hotel and value for money. They provided unlimited water bottles and WiFi spew is excellent.. Neat and very clean room as usual.
Its really value for money. Ambience is good. Food quality is good. Location is in central of Chennai and market area. Its very pleasant stay for us. Lifts are very speedy and superb. Its overall get hotel and value for money.
Hotel staff were very friendly during the entire stay.
GRT Grand has good location with excellent buffets. If you are lucky you would come across few south actors and actresses as there are frequent parties going on. Would love to stay again. Centrally located within the city.
I was quite fascinated by the decor, proximity of the hotel to nearby markets and places to visit. The breakfast buffet was quite elaborate as well. Overall, it was an amazing stay in the heart of the city. Really enjoyed!!
It was an amazing place with very courteous staff. Would have appreciated with a hot water kettle with some tea bags and other accessories in the room. Otherwise the place is really good. I liked the French toast in the breakfast a lot. Go for it!
Right from the word GO, great lives up to the highest standards of hospitality. At the cost, it is a steal. Rooms are spacious with good warm guest relation executives. The gymnasium, breakfast spread, the ambience is all worth the spend. Would love to come back and stay!
We were very impressed with the hotel. The excellent food was only surpassed by great service! Very chic and modern. Will definitely come back. All the staff from the greeters to the wait staff were courteous, helpful and willing to put 110% effort.
The hotel was located outside of the city. I had visited this hotel for official purpose with my colleagues. The quality of the food was good. The activities were not conducted by the hotel. The construction was going on when I reach the hotel. The varieties of food were provided by the hotel. The overall experience of this hotel was good.
A perfect experience! Clean rooms, professional and attentive staff, beautiful roof top pool area, nice buffet. Would rate this hotel at the top of the mid-range hotel and would most definitely stay there again.
Worth the money
Very nice hotel in IT section of Chennai. The one disappointment was mosquitoes in the lobby seating area. I sat in the lobby area talking with an associate one evening and got bitten multiple times, which I didn't expect in a hotel of this quality.
Though it was only an overnight stay -- overall I had a very good experience.  The staff is courteous & attentive, and the rooms are nice, new, &comfortable.   The breakfast also had a decent spread.  Only small area of improvement that I noticed was the level of lighting in the hotel lobby -- it was fairly dark both during the evening as well as morning time.  Hotel lobby lighting is usually much brighter!
Excellent hotel, friendly stuff. Warmly recommended. Do not expect, though, that they would have a city map or organized guided tours.
amazing I loved it
Hotel is really great. Staff should be trained properly so that lesser inconvenience to guests. May be their processes should be fine tuned for convenience of guests
Great helpful staff, good breakfast buffet, comfortable rooms, good view of OMR,
Definitely value for money, breakfast is too good and room service and room facilities are awesome especially the pool which is located on the 10th floor of the building and during evening you can see the sunset and have a wonderful feeling, totally I had a great experience.
I am basically travelling all over india and come to Chennai regularly, usually I stay in Lemon Tree and to be honest, Lemon Tree is not worth that money, so I tried this new hotel which is near my friend's flat, it is quite Clean, fruits are good quality, service is fast and nice. Hotel is full of modern, fashion and comfortable.
Extremely well kept place with courteous staff, great rooms and good spread for breakfast. Arrived late in the night but was welcomed by the night staff and was checked in with no hassle. They also have a good spa and gym facility. The towels and sheets are clean and well kept.
We were told to check out maximum you 12 pm and the reason given was room is full booked. Their check in timing is 2 pm. We asked for a smoking rooms but was not provided. No liquor license. Good not great.
Overall okay, good instructor in the gym. Front office staff was pleasant.(Anu). Very convenient location for work. Well maintained in terms of property. Scope of improvement in Night shift - Duty Manager.
The hotel I tried for the first time as it was a short stay. The place looks very cosy. The staff at reception were very friendly and very helpful. The hotel is very clean and the room was quite cosy and the service was excellent. I would recommend this hotel. Worth for the money you pay.
Overall not value for money... Considering the facilities offered. Breakfast and dinner buffet spread needs improvement.. No Bar is a drawback for people who want to enjoy some drinks... Can do better. Friendly staff. New construction on the OMR.. Fair distance from Airport.
Pros: Prime location, Fantastic interiors, Friendly staff and quick service. Cons: Needs more facilities (only one restaurant was open, rooftop dine and bar was shut down). P. S : I wanted to check-out a little late. The management was kind enough to let me check out by 3. 30pm (regular check-out time is 12pm).
Very nice ambience and fantastic rooms.. 1 day WiFi is free and also the entrance of the hotel with a piano is mind blowing.. House keeping is good and the staff are very good and also good response for anything.. It's like my home in Chennai loved it.
The short word to say this hotel is SS (Simply Superb). I think there are totally 9 floors in the hotel, we stayed at the 8th floor. The dedication of the staff makes me high to stay in this hotel. The variety of foods are so good.
I went to Chennai for business purposes and stayed there for 2 days. The Hotel is very close to the IT Hub and road side. The ambiance is fantastic and the staff were so friendly for any kind of assistance. Very delicious breakfast and you will get all traditional food. It was too amazing and I recommend.
I felt okay at the hotel. May be I had a bad day. AC water was leaking and room floor was having lot of water. It wasted my one hour in the morning and breakfast got delayed. Staff arranged bread omelette for me though.
Worst hotel I've ever stayed. Was frustrated with the hotel. Those people found hard to give some drinking water. And moreover the way the front office people did put me in a sick position. Please my advice is not to stay there.
If you need to stay in the OMR area, I would recommend this hotel. Please keep in mind they haven't got their liquor permission yet but they have already advertised for it. The omelette in the breakfast is one of the best I have eaten! The hotel staff is very polite and willing to go the extra mile. They have teething problems as its a new hotel. I hope that they will iron out the little problems with the F&B.
First stayed at the newly opened Turyaa Chennai. Very welcoming. Excellent hotel with an awesome staff. Everyone here strives to give a great service. Breakfast buffet was delicious. Would stay here again. Hopefully the same standards are maintained.
Nice variety of options in the breakfast buffet. Good gym and pool. Clean and comfortable rooms.
My stay coincided with 2 unfortunate incidences: currency exchange problem with rupees and cyclone vardah. The hotel could have capitalized on the currency exchange problem to provide some currency exchange for guests. I would then have some rupees to tip service staff. But hotel did not stand out from other hotels on this front.
It so happened that the day of our departure from Chennai cyclone erupted. The airport was closed, there was neither Internet nor telephone. The hotel staff was quite kind (and most importantly, competent enough that uncommon for India!) to help us with the status of our tickets, which allowed us to fly from congested airport after the disaster had finished.
Very friendly staff, room was very spacious and nicely organized.  Perhaps the best organized bathroom facilities that I seen in the last little while.
The staff went out of the way to serve us well and were attentive to our needs
This hotel is centrally located to the biggest mall in Chennai as well as a short drive to Chennai Internatioinal airport. The staff are all very polite and no request is too large (they even helped me dress in a Saree for a traditional day at our Chennai offices!)
Really lovely hotel with pleasant staff.  Very cool and airy rooms Great bar with big screen to watch the sports
The hotel overall is nice. The reception staff was not welcoming towards us. However all the other staff at the front and hotel overall were friendly.
My stay in Westin was a great experience. Staffs were very professional and neat. Food was great apart from too much oil in some indian dishes. Loved my massages. Maybe the spa could reduce the volume of the music as some Chinese music can be loud. Overall I really enjoyed my stay. Kudos to all the staffs who attended to my calls. Wonderful experience. Thanks for making my stay a memorable one.
I am a very seasoned traveller. Bedrooms are getting tired and frayed. I stayed here for 3 days. I ate NOWHERE else and even then took great care selecting food from buffet avoiding uncooked. I still got sick. Could only be from the buffet in the ground floor restaurant, they had closed the Thai restaurant I have used previously. I won't be going back.
Room was damp and had a strong humidity smell. The bed felt moist with dampness made the entire night very uncomfortable. It is important for hotels to have proper dehumidification process given Chennai's weather. On the positive note, the service at the restaurant was quite good.
Budget hotel closer to Appasamy hospital. On busy road, you will hear sound till 10:00 pm after that it's quiet. Near by restaurants are there .
Was great! Staff friendly & helpful with good English. Also a lovely spa just upstairs
The property is hygenic. The facilities listed are well provided and taken care of. The management is very good in taking care of. M totally satisfied about the property
No hot water.wifi limited to lobby. Average cleanliness.
Neat room with clean washroom. Really very good experience I never had anywhere. The hotel was very good for the money paid, Exactly what I need from a hotel. In the future I will recommend your apartment to other people. Thanks for this service to OYO. Please carry on this service.
Very happy stay. Simple and clean hotel. Would recommend to friends at this price.
A decent budget hotel
This is my second time through oyo and they doing great off course as they have lessened the hotel tariffs almost into half when compared to 2014. The hotel was compact, affordable, modern, courteous staff and calm and peaceful. I am trusting oyo once for all my business visits.
Chennai is a beautiful place to visit, in such a busy city found this peaceful hotel with all comforts, nice beautiful rooms, well-furnished and even well-maintained by the house keeping staff, the hotel staff were also very humble. Nice and big TV with d2h connection, well-maintained wash rooms. There is nice restaurant near by where nice South Indian food is served. So overall had a great experience.
Hotel was neat and clean. Staff were very courteous. Gym was the flip side, lacks very basic equipments. Breakfast buffet was good. Live kitchen was awesome. Located near IT expressway, so no commuting problem.
Hotel is located at the Chennai sipcot entrance, hotel is very calm and located for easy access and very good response from the reception and also, the food provided is very good and if you are a looking for a hotel at sipcot then it's a good choice.
The hotel is extremely inflexible and policies don't exhibit the trend expected from multi national chain.. And the staff exhibit a behaviour of that of a one bound by a line showing little or no ingenuity while making decisions for customer requests.. Not impressed..
Good service and good breakfast. Overall, a pleasant stay. Hotel staff were very friendly. Restaurant food was very good. Rooms were clean and tidy. Location is next to Sipcot so it is very convenient. Worth the money.
Everything regarding hotel is fine except room is small, location is good and service is excellent. Hotel staff behaviour is fine, nice for short stay especially for business purpose, book your stay at this hotel and you won't be disappointed.
No worth the money, a basic hotel with 150 square feet room, you cannot even turn in the bathroom. Towels were not clean and they charge extra for even room delivery of items. If you have to invite anybody for a talk there is hardly any place to sit.
No breakfast and no dental kit provided. Waste of money. They really charge high. No shaving kit, no complimentary water bottles provided. Such a worst experience. I don't recommend this hotel to others.
I had booked this room by online. There was no delay in check in and checkout in this hotel. The behaviour of the staff’s was friendly. The service was done on time. The room was spacious and clean. All amenities were provided in working condition in the room. The food quality was not good. The bar facility was not available at the hotel. The activity was provided at the hotel. I had visited this hotel for marriage purpose.
I was there for a business trip, hence the location was very close to my office. Its good business budget hotel. The rooms are very good however the washrooms are really small ( i mean really small). Food was okay .. not great veg north Indians. Hospitality is warm and the staff is really good. It has a gym and bar. Stay overall is good. Best for short stay.
We have been travelling across India for business purpose staying in various hotels. But I must say staying in this hotel was the worst of all. Small rooms, no extra facilities. Charging for each and everything without any limit. Will never suggest anyone to opt for this hotel. A sheer pain in the wallet experience.
Location is very good just 1 km from TCS Office. Food and drink are costly and quality wise it's average. Housekeeping was good. Front desk was very active and prompt. Airport transfer facility is good. Buffet dinner is very costly compared to other 3 star hotels. It would be good if this hotel is having a SPA.
Booked the room for myself and my best friend for a relaxing break. The place is simply amazing! One of the best places I have stayed in so far. You can go for this without a second thought. The awesome and cozy room makes you feel like you never want to leave the place!
Except bathroom size which is standard for IBIS Hotel around the world. All facility is good, had a breakfast in this hotel, it was okay. This hotel is cost effective and economically feasible under 3K INR. Very good option, mostly used by people or relative working in SIPCOT IT Park as there is no sightseeing nearby. It is good for corporate people.
I liked the hotel for its pool and ambiance and also the service provided by them. It has a good system of technology with good persons and the food is extremely good with good service. Rooms are very well cleaned by the staff regularly finally a good hotel to stay.
The room was extremely cramped up. The bathroom is like that in a tight yacht with a major space crunch. They don't even provide you with the basic toiletry. Staff is courteous. Room service does not have many options and they charge a premium for in room delivery.
slow front desk with big attitude problem
Good
Pride located in centre of city.It is close to many theatres ,restaurants and malls.Eventhough its an old hotel interior of room and reception are maintained very well.Food quality at restaurant is good.As awhile its a good budget hotel
Hotel location is heart of the city. Hotel staff are good and cooperative. We are fully enjoyed at their place.. Food is also good. If they add some toiletry kit than much better. Price are very reasonable. Cleanliness was everywhere. We refer to our friend circle.
Rusted bathrooms, quality not maintained like before. Hair on the bathroom floor and toilet seats. Not worth the money. Only good thing is they allowed late check out since I checked in late at night. Location is great.
I stayed at Pride hotel Chennai on 11 & 12 July 2016. Booking was done through makemytrip. Com. Hotel is good. Room was very clean and comfortable. Reception response could have been better. Roof top restaurant was OK. Morning breakfast at Cafe Treat was really good. Overall comfortable stay.
Good locality, rooms were good but food was pathetic. Seen mosquitoes, flies and some other small insects were taking breakfast along with us. Seen cockroach in the dining. Otherwise it was a nice stay. If you plan to stay, better plan to have your food outside.
It was really a good hotel to stay with family and its valuable property for money. Except the massage service all others are fine. Bar at the first floor looks good, price slightly on the higher side. Pool was little small. Otherwise there is no much disadvantages there.
It was a good experience staying in The Pride hotel, Chennai. Breakfast was very nice and staff was helpful. I wish the massage center is kept open till 10. 00 pm for those arriving late in the hotel after hectic day. Lift size was too small and could take just 2-3 guest comfortably, without luggage.
The Pride is a good business class hotel in Chennai just 3km from Chennai central station. The reception and overall staff is very warm and check in process is very fast. Food is excellent and complimentary breakfast has lots of variety. A good business hotel in Chennai.
An OK experience....room service was expensive ...breakfast can be laid out better...
Clean and safe. WiFi was somehow not working the entire 3 days I was there. Overall. I'd recommend it to others as well. Location is good as it is on the main road itself and it is easy to move around from here.
Pride The
Rooms are stinky as well as corridor. As soon you enter the elevator that pungent smell remains till you come out of hotel. The wooden furniture & carpet are too old and probably need to be replaced. Location wise it is good and service wise response is slow. Behaviour of staff is good.
Bathroom is very small in the deluxe room which does not hold good for the price paid. Even plug points & extra bed are all obsolete and not user friendly. Staff are OK. Over all higher price by 20% for the amenities provided. Food is OK not great. Needs improvement
It was a good stay and the rooms are good. Breakfast is good and centrally located for easy mobility. Room keys are not working, may be time to replace the system. Other facilities like gym and pool are under maintenance as per the management. On the whole it was a fine short business stay.
It was good and nice stay, I enjoyed. It's centrally located, easy to go to other places. Room is good and the service guys are really helpful. I had a very good stay there. Breakfast spread is really good.
For official visit it is perfect for location but number of facilities are not available like pool and gym remains under maintenance. Rooms are good. Hospitality is also good. Ambiance is not at par with other Pride Group hotels but can be comparable.
I had a bad time because the wifi was not working. I needed to some important an urgent work. Repeated complaints to the reception staff got me nothing but false reassurance! The management need to really pull up their socks and hire some decent staff or at least educate their staff regarding how to help customers. Also false promises like free wifi should not be made.
rooms are very small , bathroom even more worst
Hospitality is maintained very well, rooms r spacious, washroom are bit conjusted, breakfast was good, buffet at puran dhaba very tasty. Staff always to help.
Excellent hotel in chennai. And the staff are really good and they were able to allow an early check-in and late check-out. everything was excellent except for the bar which was horrible and not well stocked, bar tender had no knowledge bout drinks. But the others things made up for it. This is an awesome hotel
Nice stay at pride as it was convenient to travel to US consulate for two days and i have got my US visa on time. I really appreciate because they helped me in early check in at 7.00 am and upgraded me to a better luxury room as i had some issue with toilet. But they all extended their support and had good experience.
Took an hour to find this hotel. It is away from the main street, but loved the view from our room. We arrived around 10pm after almost 8 hours of drive from Chennai. All we wanted was a good, hot shower but to our dismay the hot shower was not working. They took 2 hours to get that repaired. The staff were trying their best, but its just that we were so frustrated!
Nothing fantastic about this hotel. Only thing I could think of was the staff at the restaurant. He speaks well and excellent customer service.  Bathroom was small, towels were dirty, toilet bowls were dirty too!  Far from airport.
The air conditioning spits water and the room feels very moist and smells weirdly. The reception staff are not flexible or understanding so, please be very eloquent during your enquiry. The food is expensive and very basic. Internet is charged.
decent business hotel but pool not great. dinner on the terrace is nice with great service. service overall was quite good. wish the pool was better and bigger and cleaner. staff is helpful.
The man at reception in the morning was most helpful .
We liked the place.  Rest room was good, but  would like to have availability of tissues and toilet paper also.
We were generally happy with our stay in this hotel.
Mahalaya Residency is a good option to choose transit passages. It’s very near to the airport plus there's complimentary pickup and drop for the guests that was great. Front office staff are very friendly and as express check in and checkout policy.
Location is dead on. Very near to airport. Airport drop was perfect. Even at 3 in the morning they dropped me at airport. No cribbing or confusion. Coming to cleanliness they can improve. Towels dod not appeal. Bed sheet okay only. But overall, 100% OK for transit stay.
Nice location for transit passengers. Efficient pickup and drop service to the airport. Do not expect too much from the room but has excellent value for money. Complimentary breakfast. Washrooms could be improved. Stayed twice and will stay again in the future.
Staff are very professional and helpful. Rooms are neat and clean. Morning breakfast are very tasty. Very near to airport. We have been to temples in kundrathur, Avadi. Value for the money. We had a very good time.
Other than proximity to the airport and the room service, there's nothing to say about this place. Last time we stayed at savera in Chennai which was really good and this one leaves bad memory. A word about room service personnel which is a Plus for them even though the food quality was average.
Perfect stay near airport.. Well occupancy, well clean, neat and perfect stay to go ahead.. With affordable cost and good cleanliness too. Give a try and my experience was most better and satisfied with this.
The hotel location is very close to the airport. The rooms are clean, but little noisy.  Food is not pricy.
Very good in all front, near to airport and they have pick-up drop facility without any charge. Staff are very good and cooperative. Restaurant /Bar is also very good.. Can be suitable for 1-2 day's. Connectivity to Airport and city is very good.
Hotel is very near to airport. Breakfast was not so good. Food was excellent, Bar is very good but I preferred to chill at room as BAR was very crowded after 7pm. Airport pickup and drop was good even I needed it at 3 am
I always use the Mahalaya when coming back from a trip in the middle of the night. The hotel driver picks you up from the airport in 5 minutes, the rooms are clean and service is great. It is the best airport hotel in Chennai for a reasonable rate. Good value. But you must request a good room: some are much better than others.
The hotel is overpriced. The rooms are not clean and the food quality is bad. Stay here only if closeness to Airport is very important to you. Prices are too high for the level of comfort offered. If possible travel to either Guindy or beyond Tambaram for much better rooms.
It was a fantastic stay in the hotel. The staff was good and cooperative. The rooms were clean and maintained. The food in the restaurant was good and fresh and nicely served. Moreover it was a good experience.
The room was small, although clean. Friendly staff, who were quite helpful. The restaurant food was reasonable. The toilet accessories were minimal. However, the location is very good. The bed should have a different mattress and it was very uncomfortable.
Non cooperative staff and no service during breakfast, overall no value for money paid. Would not recommend to any friend, would request Makemytrip to not downgrade themselves by taking such hotels into their fold.
Hotel does not provide facilities as per three star standards. They have to Improve their quality of services to provide value for money being charged. One feels short changed. The same doesn't provide a comfortable stay which one is looking for.
It was a memorable stay. The staff was very cooperative. Cleanliness was really up to the mark. It is value for money. Services were also prompt and instant. Located very near to the airport, it is a good transit hotel.

just two minutes away from airport friendly staff came to pick us from airport 2am good timing
Stay was short -- only for one night -- but was very comfortable
Very Bas Hotel. Just nearby Airport. unkind & dirty, Noisy hotel.
Staff were helpful, it is close to the airport. The bathroom fixtures were old, holes in the doors, and could use some renovation and upkeep. It was okay since we just stayed there for a couple of hours before having to take a flight.
Very nice hotel close to the airport.  Good food in the hotel restaurant.  Quick check in and out.
The hotel staff is friendly but the hotel room comfort is poor.
If you are going to Chennai just for shopping then the hotel is far from T. NAGAR .
I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. It was an oasis of calm in a frenetic environment of clearing up after the cyclone, dealing with demonetisation and the excitement and crowds of the Chennai test match. Well done India ; a really talented team. The restaurant staff were helpful and friendly, Bappa especially, and the food very good.
Staff was very attentive, from front desk to the housekeeping to the restaurant. Staff was great!
Very calm and quite place to live in the busy city
the staff became more friendly after the first day.  became very willing and helpful.
This is a small neat little hotel with all facility. Excellent management more like the owner has a direct hand in running this property. Rooms, washroom, staff, breakfast bed, linen all five star this Is a excellent property well run.
Good hotel in a prime location close to the beach and US consulate. The rooms are neat and the toilets are clean and spacious. The complimentary breakfast they provide has a good spread. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a room in Chennai.
The location is so strategic that it is close to many places you plan to visit. The rooms are very clean and the service is excellent. The best VAS is a free drop to the US consulate. The Spencer's mall, heritage temples, Higginbotham are a must visit places.
Room is very extraordinary and very good service. Food is unbelievable and taste in my opinion. Bed and bathroom is very clean and hygienic. In one word my experience is excellent in this hotel.
The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. if you require a taxi, the hotel staff gets you one and help negotiate a good price.  we enjoyed our stay at the hotel.
Been here for my visa interview with family. Stay was cool and decent. Hotel staff was good. I requested for late check out and was arranged with one room while other one had to be checked out due to booking. The restaurant options were not many. We preferred breakfast hot but was cold. Plus point is it is close to US consulate and Chennai VAC.
Had a good stay at the La Woods. The restaurant options were not many, but the location had ample of options nearby. Was very happy with the room, and the stay, including the behaviour of the hotel staff. There are not a whole lot of amenities at the hotel, but if all you are looking for is a good place to rest for the night, while you complete your work during the day, this is a good choice.
Hotel is very good and facility also very good and all staff service but hospitality is little poor because no dental kit/no shaving kit. Rest all is good and location also good in hotel food variety is very less.
Excellent service from the staff. Very prompt and responsive. They helped with all queries immediately. Rooms are clean. The breakfast had variety and restaurant also provided good options. The location is ideal for any US consulate work, they even provide free drop. I would recommend to everyone.
Location good, staff very helpful hotel maintained neatly including lobby and other premises, breakfast is good, and other food average. Good for visa purpose stay and cab drop arranged to consulate.
The hotel is really good and worth your stay for the budget, location and food. It is located very close to Express Avenue mall and Spencer plaza and easy to connect to locality of Chennai. It's a stay that not to be missed.
Last week I visited, Chennai for my Visa interview, as I booked this Hotel via online portal - (Make my trip account) the login/logout schedule was quite strict (12 PM -12 PM) format, but thanks for the hotel staff who supported me to the max. Even though the hotel was full, which made my travel very comfortable.
Pretty nice and spacious room with modern fittings in bathroom. Hotel is centrally located in walking distance from Express Avenue mall though the street is a little dim lit in night. Breakfast buffet is good and staff is courteous and helpful. Overall definitely value for money hotel!
Very clean and king size bedroom at nominal price. Location is also good. Room service and food is good. WiFi facility free and speed is good. Express Avenue and Spencer Plaza (shopping mall) is nearby. Had a great stay.
Good and value for money. I stayed for one day on personal trip. And everything shopping to movie eating options everything is very close. Spencer's mall and express avenue are closer one. Breakfast need more options. Almost no north Indian dish is included.
I stayed here for a couple of nights, when I came for an US visa stamping. The room is very clean and service was good too. Location is good too, very near to US consulate. The complimentary breakfast buffet had many selection and was good too. Would definitely come back if need be.
Overall a good stay in La Woods, breakfast was excellent and included in the price.  The room was clean and well appointed, no windows in the room though so it can be disorienting.  FabIndia and other stores are within walking distance, and staff is helpful when you need directions or a recommendation for a place to go.
Room was not available after reaching there, so they made us to rest in backup room till the actual room is ready. Other than that evreything was fine.
Excellent staff, willing to go out of their way to make your stay great. Can't say enough about them. Good restaurant, clean room.
Not worth the rating shown. Service is not good. Room not well maintained. Room are spacious. Illumination of room was very poor. TV Remote not working. Carry good mosquito repalent. Location wise it is excellent who want to stay in near central Chennai.
The location is good as it lies between Central and Egmore. The service is very good. The food is Non Spicy but very tasty. Poor Wi-Fi connectivity. Good Ambience in lobby. However, More cleanliness is desired. In totality good value for budget travellers.
Lot of Mosquitoes in the AC room because of the proximity of the Kuvam river. Otherwise the room was clean and toilets were OK. Printing facilities were not good in the hotel when we wanted to take a print out of a business proposal. There is a 50/50 chance I might go there next time.
Hotel near by Chennai railway station. Good helping staff. Nice food. Very good AC for the room and all over the hotel. Very good complimentary breakfast with nice atmosphere. Stay is very good in hotel.
Very near to central and Egmore stations, it's value for money, it's worth for the amount, hotel was decent. A approachable to all near places, the food was OK, AC was working properly, Chennai always the climate would be humid kind off, but it was pleasant during my stay.
Good facilities. Excellent location. Worth for the payment. Really good restaurant and staff
Good location. Good facilities. Clean and well accessories in the bathroom with provision of towel, soap, shampoo, comb and oil. It's locate nearer to Chennai central having good restaurant with buffet system folding option.
It is value for money. Breakfast is good & staff are polite. Very good hotel for people coming & going by train. AC was good. Will definitely stay again if I come by train. Coffee served in room is very average & not hot & don't need so much quantity too.
The renovation work going on.. AC was Not good. No LED TVs provided. Hotels with this tariff level normally provide complimentary breakfast. But not here. Restaurant not good. Coffee served in the room was poor. If you are looking forward to move around Chennai city it is a convenient location.
Average thing in this hotel is average, but considering the price for the room, and the room is quite big. It is a hotel you can choose to stay. The location is some good seems it is close to the railway station. However, they have a very good part, their restaurant! The food is so delicious even compared to other expensive restaurant. But you should skip their buffet, and just go for their a-la-carte.
Room is not at all clean and sprayed with mosquito chemicals and smells bad. Also they are doing refurbishing the hotel and sounds are irritating and not able to take a sleep at all. Also many times I told them to stop or change the room after one hour stopped that sound by repeated calls only.
If you want to stay but you don't know location then go as per Makemytrip. Don't read instructions. Whatever you get is bonus for you. Not satisfied. Don't booked cab from hotel travel desk. They will charge Rs 1150/. Ola/ Uber charge only Rs 300/.
Hotel facilities is very good and sarvice is very good and location is very good and restaurants sarvice is very good and food is very good food like and testi and hotel sarvice is very good hotel facilities is very good so hotel is good
I had visited this hotel for official trip. I went this hotel by my own vehicle. The hotel was located in the city. The food was nice. The food was expensive. The non-vegetarian food was provided in the hotel. The complimentary breakfast was provided in the hotel. All the amenities were provided in the room. The room was neat and clean. The gym was arranged by the hotel.
Its a nice hotel near to Chennai central.. Awesome that's why I choosed this hotel, the staff are well behaved and helpful. Very near and walkable distance to Chennai central railway station and well decorated reception which gives attraction while entering with peace beauty and fragrance.
This hotel continues the fine tradition of Oyo Hotels using old photographs or one of a room that either does not exist or is made to look good just for the advertising. The foyer is like in the pictures but the other pictures?..
Everything was average right from the hotel condition to the the room and the bathroom.. The hotel is actually very very old and need renovation badly..
poor stay
We stayed at this hotel because we needed a place to stay for a 1 a.m. flight. It was clean and the staff got us a cab to the airport at a reasonable price. It was adequate for our needs.
Well room was not clean.. too was the bedsheets & bathroom. Disappointing the Room we booked was not the same as we saw while booking thru expedia web. Breakfast 6/10.. Next time will not stay at this hotel. overall hotel stay experience 4/10. :O
Hotel and the room is a bit run down, but the staff and the food were really good. Will definitely consider if there's another trip.
Very friendly staff, nice food, quick checkin. Would love to stay here when I visit India again.
HOTEL IS NOT AT ALL GOOD STANDARD FOR THIS PRICE IT CHARGES. IT IS BIG PROPERTY BUT NOT AT ALL TO THE STANDARD MENTIONED.  WIFI WAS NOT AT ALL GOOD. AIR-CONDITIONING WAS NOT GOOD. LOBBY VERY NOISY ,
Stayed for one day only Room very comfortable clean and excellent service.Food quality can be improved
Everything about the hotel is great except for the bathroom and the location.  The bathroom was tired and worn with no hot water at times.  The hotel is across from the bus stop so very busy.  It is more used for banquet functions.
It's ok for couple of nights. WiFi works. Basic amenities ok.
I love my stay there i will always choose the hotel whenever am in Chennai.
A class stay for family. Take it as for food or location wise stay or atmosphere of surrounding yeah, this hotel property is worth to take a chance guys ....
Not good... A/c was not working .changed room but still had a weak a/c
The hotel is a little further than I expected (25-30 in taxi). That said I didn't want to pay double to stay at the Hilton and the closer hotels, so for the price I was happy. Room was fine. A little musty and smelled of cigarettes but the AC helped clear it out. Didn't have hot water in th shower. The complimentary breakfast was excellent and the staff was friendly and very helpful. The rooms are quiet so I slept well.
The hotel was really nice and it's clean and tidy with all facilities at good. But the way the staff welcomed us was terrible and they didn't even greet properly. Other than that it's a nice hotel to stay.
We had a great time during our stay. Food and view from our hotel was great.
We loved staying at Leela Palace. Staff were professional in behaviour and friendly as well. It would have been great if the there was access to the balconies.
Very excellent service and hotel
Right from the entry into the hotel to every detail- there are people who serve you with a smile and with so much patience. Loved every minute of the stay. The breakfast spread was awesome and all the people at the Restaurent were so kind and pro-active to serve us. Thanks for wonderful stay.
We received a very warm welcome, and we were provided privileges well beyond the amenities and terms we had reserved for. The front desk receives special mention from us for this. Thank you for your kindness. Every aspect of our stay either met or exceeded our expectations handsomely. We will be back for a longer stay the next time we are in Chennai.
It was absolutely beautiful.  Great service.
It is a great property with great fitness facility, amazing staff, comfortable room, outstanding buffet breakfast and reasonably priced afternoon tea.   Staff like Moses were very attentive, courteous and helpful. We enjoyed our staff and sure to visit again.
We planned a unplanned trip to a Leela and we had fantabulous experience at Leela. Food specially is to die for .
We had a delightful time at The Lela in chennai. The hotel building, furnishings and art are lovely. The rooms are large and very comfortable with everything you need. The team members at the concieriege and in the restaurants were very warm and worked hard to ensure we had every need met. The gym is excellent as is the day spa and the pool area was very nice too. We stayed for 3 nights and then came back for another 5. Highly recommend.
Overall hotel is very nice, only they should provide Free WiFi's facility with Room rate
VERY FRIENDLY STAFF IN ALL AREAS, VERY GOOD  INDIAN RESTAURANT DOWNSTAIRS...POOL IS GREAT ...ALSO A SHORT WALK AWAY IS SOME AWESOME CHAI WITH THE LOCALS
great
Good Service by Staff but Parking wasn't available in Hotel. Had to find a parking outside. Name of the Hotel is different, pictures are lot different.
The stay was good and the attendants are cooperative. we had nice stay for the value paid.
TOTAL MESS UP BY OYO
Mosquitoes in room and no TV. The big TV subscription expired and morning breakfast was very poor. No towel and blanket. I never suggest this hotel but front office executive is good and friendly. He gave me WiFi password. There are no good hotels near this room to have lunch and dinner.
Comfortable n spacious rooms.. Economical.. Good breakfast.. I would definitely visit again..
Not at all satisfied. Worst possible service received. No towel and soap in bathroom. Management is bad as well. Not at all cooperative. Breakfast is bad. TV and air conditioner is not working. Overall, bad.
If you are a traveller and want places to just crash after a tiresome exploring day, this is the best place to go. Very nice concept for backpackers. Good value for money and nice place to stay. Rooms were clean, awesome breakfast was included in the room tariff. Overall good experience! Thank you Oyo Rooms.
Overall good stay, slightly away from main road but walkable Distance to Pondy bazaar, excellent food, good house keeping issue with hot water during peak hours. Surrounded by grocers and main road around 100meters
Hi MMT lovers, This is a great deal I've got through MMT for this hotel. Place is ideal and location is heart. Simply very good hotel to stay with. Rooms are fantastic and very clean. Service is like star category. They extended few hours during our stay. Very gentle and kind.
First of all ideal centrally located in the city, Very good ambience Well trained staff and good hospitality services for every body and every on from restaurant to room service. Clean property. Well maintained Very warm service from every single person personnel Would like to stay again while I be in Chennai and would recommend specially corporate
Very good. I used to stay regally this is city centre ease moment to all please good food very good reception clean rooms all staff are very close and friendly they allowing late checkout also they have a Vellat Parking also.
Good . .
Nice hotel, good hospitality, clean rooms. Good experience, people welcomed in a good manner.. The service is at best. The atmosphere in hotel is as named Quality Inn. Well maintained and food is enjoyable. You get the best for the money spent. The food is good... Value for the money.
Good . .
Though I stayed only for a night, I felt that most of the facilities in the room are now getting old and need replacement. For ex. The toilet closet was leaking all the time. The door latch was old and I nearly hurt my finger. Small small things which needs to be replaced/ repaired. I had stayed in this hotel for 3 months continuously around 12 years back and feel that all the utilities and fittings are the same.
Good experience, people welcomed in a good manner.. The service is at best. The atmosphere in hotel is as named Quality Inn. :) Well maintained and food is enjoyable. You get the best for the money spent. And the location of the hotel is easy accessible to nearby stores.
This hotel is worth the money. Courteous staff. Economical. Reasonably good complimentary breakfast. It's located in the heart of Chennai namely T. Nagar. Bang opposite kamarajar's ( the former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu memorial house.
It a nice hotel to stay in at a good location with nice rooms and a very courteous staff. Food quality is above average but at the same time breakfast buffet was just average. The rooms are clean and at this price it is definitely value for money. I would visit the hotel again.
This was my first stay in this hotel during my recent trip to Chennai. The rooms are ultra spacious and clean, very good restaurants are located nearby, bathrooms are clean, the hotel is value for money if we get discount from travel websites or else other options are also available.
I would not recommend this hotel. Nothing is right toilet does not work and the bathroom is very small. Door not locking and the service is not up to the you have already paid. Lunch buffet was pathetic.
I thought the Quality Inn Sabari is maintaining same quality as it was. It is disappointed. The bed-covers and pillows are smelly. Very bad to stay. Some bad odor was coming from the Pillows. :( I wouldn't recommend. However, the service is good. I will not stay there again.
Nice people to stay with, tries to give best of services. Little old hotel, may need a renovation to do even better. Wi-Fi is not that fast and easy to connect. Must improve upon North Indian main course.
I really enjoyed my stay, and the staff were very friendly!
Stay was great. Only that the breakfast was the same everyday and quite boring. The staff were very polite and humble and help came as soon as we asked. Would be good if regular customers were given a flexible time to check out as some flights depart in the night and hotel rigid check out time is 12 noon.
Overall the hotel facilities were good.  Nice location and not far away from Airport.
Booked for my visa interview at the US consulate. Was not expecting much from the hotel at this price. But it was definitely not bad. Staff are very courteous and helpful. I am most happiest about the fact that they agreed to a late checkout for me no questions asked. I just had to tell the manager at the reception during my check in and he happily amended my reservation. Thanks for a pleasant stay!
Great place to stay....feels like home.
It's a value hotel, offering comfortable stay. I still feel that it's a little overpriced for the amenities and the quality of the room. Food is ok. I think the bathrooms can be spruced up a little more. I asked for a late check out which they offered me, so that was good.
Clean and spacious room. Good and tasty breakfast as complimentary. Wifi is bit slow. Food???? Is ordered from outside. Service staff is very good and cooperative. Hotel???? Is situated at very convenient location, 4 min walk to 10 downing street a very prominent pub in T Nagar.
Disillusioned by the photos online..very cramped Shabby place
The whole hotel is just one floor of the research park. Power kept going off and the wi-fi was flaky at best. Stay tried their best to help but there experience was not good especially considering there price.   The room was small. Window was tiny and the room service was OK at best.   The towels were not soft and they gave just one towel?!
It is a nice hotel located on the 11th floor of the Tech Park near IIT Madras. The rooms are small but functional. The staff are efficient. The food options in the cafeteria are a little disappointing.
A new experience . One can enjoy self-services. Near to beach also. Very good hotel staff.
Located on the 11th floor of Tech park. Its 'OK' kind of a hotel. The rooms are well kept. Food was good too. There are many options for food. It has a nice view of the city. The staff were hard working. Overall it's a good hotel. Stayed there for business purpose. Wouldn't mind staying there again. It is highly convenient for those who work in the Tech Park.
Hi  Given the room rates. The hotel is a decent return for your money just for the location. It's proximity to ramanujan IT city is the big plus. The room and facilities are on par for a budget hotel. But definitely clean. The rooms are on the top floor so the lift takes a long time. The staff are friendly. Overall I rate as a 3.5 but only for biz travellers
Food is not so great other than breakfast, centrally located so transport is no problem. Metro rail station very nearby and metro rail can be seen from the hotel. Laundry can spoil your clothes, once spoiled, they hesitate to compensate guests.
It was nice hotel which perfectly suits my pocket. Food was really an important thing that makes this hotel very famous. It is nicely built though some mistakes. Luxurious rooms and Air Conditioned makes it too cosy. I love the hotel and want to visit it again in my next holiday. Food was nice and room service was all upto expectation.
Hotel looked quite ordinary and I should say hotel should improve its decoration and overall appearance because it was looking very basic and ordinary. Room was very good in space and it was well maintained had quite good facilities, all appliances were working fine. Room services was timely and food was quite good and very nicely prepared. Considering its good facilities it's a good hotel.
I had a good to stay. It's very nice day I enjoyed and we made a birthday party with my girlfriend. Overall it's nice but need some more freedom. Anyways we enjoyed in Jan. If we get a chance to stay, we try to stay again there. The food is good and the room is also good. Nice safety to stay with your betterhalf and the pay is also reasonable. Front office is also nice. Overall, everything in the hotel is good.
I stayed here along with my family and its a good budget hotel located very near to bus terminus. We stayed for sightseeing and food tastes Ok in this hotel. As it is a budget hotel don't expect more from them but the standards of Tata Group are not lost in it. It is located in very convenient place from railway station and bus terminus.
The Ginger Hotel at Chennai is located very near to the corporate hub and IT park. The rooms were clean and service was ok. Overall, I would rate this to be a decent budget hotel for the corporate people and without any hesitation must go for stay if need be.
The overall facilities provided by the hotel was good. The Services and the food rendered by the staff of the resort was upto the mark. The Hospitality towards customers is appreciable. The stay at Ginger has given given a better feel of Chennai and has put a thought of revisiting the same location over again.
You get what you pay for . Good value. Proximity to some it companies
A good hotel and a little bit expensive for the facilities they claim so. Rooms are cramped and we get mugs and buckets to take bath only on request. Housekeeping needs to pay more attention on cleanliness and safety. Parking is not convenient either. Food is pathetic, and we had to go out for food each time.
Stayed in this hotel in the month of Nov 2013. Rooms were neat and clean, well located, near to big software parks. Co-operative staffs, good modern facility like WiFi. Rooms are small. But food is good and is value for money. Rates are justified as per the location.
Very nice stay
Too far from town.
Hotel was nice, the staff was excellent and the service was great, BUT there was heavy construction going in right next to the hotel building. The construction noise was annoying till late night and early morning.
Decent affordable and safe place if you need an inexpensive place to sleep.
Good location , clean , insufficient staff, toilets ventilation is poor .
The hotel is at a convenient location and the rooms are pretty spacious and comfortable, the staff is courteous too. But the rooms have a terrible cockroach infestation, they were in the cupboard, bathroom, on the bed and tables. When we informed the staff, they changed our room, but the new room wasn't any different. They definitely need to get pest control and fumigation done. The buffet breakfast spread is good, otherwise the food is average.
We had a good stay at this hotel. We chose this hotel because it is at walking distance of train station Chennai Egmore. The area around the hotel is lifely. Inside the hotel it is quiet. The room was good and we liked the breakfast, although there were only a few continental options.
A economical stay at heart of chennai Egmore. Food is good, but looks for me a bit expensive to the quantity and taste.
Hotel was decent enough although room was disappointing compared with the lobby and restaurant area. The bar and staff in the basement was good and hotel was in a convenient location. We selected a different hotel when we came back to Chennai mainly because of the reception staff who didn't want to help us get some change for the tuk tuk when we arrived, or help us with onward transportation.
it was very comfortable an enjoyed.
The room allotted to me was neat and clean. The service provided was not much satisfactory. Complimentary breakfast was provided by the hotel. There were no activities organized by the hotel. The surrounding of the hotel was calm and peace. I would like to recommend this hotel to others.
My experience about the hotel was good, I am travelling alone for business purpose. The room service is good, room are very clean and hygiene own restaurant too. The staff are good and it's behaviour with customer is very nice and they served free breakfast and news papaer also.
This hotel is located very near to the Chennai central and is easily accessible. The ambiance of the hotel is good and the rooms are clean. Although the service is good. They need some improvement on this area. The food is good. The reception area has to air conditioned centrally since the climate is hot.
Its a very good hotel near to central station. There service food and everything is excellent, responsible travel desk front office. Very good hospitality in treating guests. Whenever I visit Chennai I used to stay in hotel due to the hospitality of the staff. Last five years continuously I am staying in this hotel only.
Very clean, helpful staff, near the airport and good value for money. Nice breakfast served, a lot of security is installed for making sure of complete security of the visitors. Room service was prompt to attend to our needs and helped us pack our breakfast early morning when we were leaving. And the main thing is the location is very much convenient to commercial areas & the central railway station.
Totally satisfied with the service provided by the staff. Talking about the food, it awesome especially the north Indian. It's situated in the central part of Chennai. It's cheap and affordable for average people. Staff are cooperative and well behaved with their customers. Rooms are neat and clean and service provided by the housekeeping is not too bad. Overall talking about hotel, I would recommend for travellers to opt this hotel for staying.
Best for travelers due to the proximity to the Central Railway Station and the famous old Moore Market of the city. Breakfast (Complimentary - Buffet) was really worth going to the restaurant for. AC works but the rest of the room, spacious though, is budget class.
The destination of this hotel is very nice. The building is very wonderful. Actually I love that place and the room service was good. Bathroom are neat. When I was stayed in that hotel I loved those food. Surrounding location was good. I thank to all of us who served me.
small was very small. limited channels in tv of 40. no bearkfast.
Horrible xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx
My parents and aunt stayed for a couple of nights. The room was comfortable  after they changed rooms due to rattling fans and broken ac!. The restaurant is a mixed one, so staunch vegetarians would want to eat out.
Overall service is good. Awsome location Must visit.. .................................................gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood :-)!!!!!!!!??!????????????????,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ..........
Stay is good, pleasant and food also not bad. Very near to central railway station.
Since the advance reservations are made, checking in is swift and pleasant.Rooms are cozy but enough to relax after day sight seeing.a nice place to stay with family within budget limits.
Clean, comfortable and convenient location
Average hotel. Preferred because of close proximity for shopping.
Food was not good Cleanliness should be improved No linen in the bathroom DTH quality was poor Hotel ambience was dull.
Towels are not provided in the room for this kind of standard hotel. I have to call room service. The worst part is the towels are like rat bitten at the edges. Very poor.
good stay and good value
Myself and my wife enjoyed our stay very well. As a matter of fact, we regularly visit Chennai in middle of Jan every year and we make it a point to stay in this hotel always. Good staff, good service and good location. .
It's a very good stay. Decent hotel. Busy location. Everything is good about the stay. It's a value for money in such a busy location. Walkable distance from Mambalam station. I strongly recommend this hotel.
Location of the hotel was ideal for our business purpose. Room was also OK. However, there was always a lingering foul smell in the room particularly during the evening and night. In spite of giving complaint, it was not resolved. Service was okay, but required repeated calls. For calling the hotel as Grand, they have to revamp the AC services and other utilities in more specialised way. Other aspects have been graded appropriately as above.
Booked a room for 3 guests and on arrival was given a double bedroom that is too small to put an extra bed anywhere. Hotel staff mentioned this is the size of their rooms and they will remove chairs and table to accommodate extra bed. Hotel manager finally offered a bigger room, if I'm willing to pay extra Rs. 1000. Room was clean though and housekeeping was good. But breakfast as usual was very poor.
Good location. Courteous staff. Value for money. Good food. Comfortable. Since it is located in the business area it is also convenient for people who do trading business. For religious trips also it is centrally located in the city of Chennai. The spacious reception lawn is also an attraction. Transportation from outside the hotel is convenient.
BKR Grand it was a nice experience, staying in the bkr grand hotel. We were enjoyed in our family friends and relatives all the family members. The stay in hotel, food, facilities, cleanliness, value for money, the room and the location we liked and good enjoyment.
Amenities and facilities are items or services hotels offer for their guests. Everything was very good. Nice experience to our family friends and relatives. In and out of the hotel are very good management, customer service, phone responses also good on the day.
Room service, Reception Hospitality, Cleanliness is very poor. Morning Breakfast quality needs lot of improvement. Rooms are also not clean. Service is also below Average. Housekeeping Dept needs Lot of improvement. In Morning breakfast, some more variety items required.
Amenities and facilities are items or services hotels offer for their guests. Everything was very good. Nice experience to our family friends and relatives. In and out of the hotel are very good management, customer service, phone responses also good on the day.
Good hotel at good location. Hotel is situated at famous shopping area in T Nagar. Room are good & clean. Morning breakfast is excellent. The property is well maintained. They have in house separate Veg. Restaurant. Travel desk is also available in lobby.
I just stayed for one night.. I was not able to stay in the room as Bath room was too bad and very bad smell coming from the bathroom... Into the room... Booked for three and I never thought these will provide extra bed on floor.. Very cheap paid 3500, in that case I would have booked two rooms.. Not value for money at all. Only Service was good.
The stay was pleasant, but the facilities that was mentioned in the website was not provided. The welcome breakfast was not given for the reason we came late, whereas it was not informed at the time of Check in about the time till which breakfast will be served. Wifi password was not given. On the whole the service was extremely poor.
High priced small room size, smelly rooms. Good location. Looks great from outside but rooms are not good. Complimentary breakfast is only for a few items, charges for other items. Not good as per the price you pay for the room.
Wi-fi not smooth .. Cleaning may be improved. Also compliment breakfast must be added with some more variety .. Replacement of bed sheet must be atleast alternative days.
At full price and including the taxes, the rates seem slightly high. Best USP are the Car Parking (Though Small and on high occupancy days, you may have problems, Restaurant and Bar). Ideal location for persons having work in T Nagar / Pondy bazaar. Did all my work walking while my car was safe in the parking lot. This area is heavily congested and walking or taking an Auto is best if possible.
Hotel is very good & clean. Hotel person attention is satisfactory. Hotel location is on prime area. I enjoyed & value of money, preparation of foods are good. Over all services satisfied. We can also enjoy purchases by very near market.
Fair facilities
During last Chennai floods, the hotel provided us with hot water, electricity (using own standby generator), WiFi (for most of the period) and good food. Many hotels in the surroundings did not provide such facilities during this period. We are thankful to the hotel and the staff.
Really good hotel - convenient to easily go to the shops Restaurant was very good - amazing service. Also had a spa - which was enjoyable after a long day shopping!!
Good location, otherwise the hotel needs some improvement. Broken taps and unavailability of WiFi made my stay unpleasant.
Looking forward to stay again, worth staying here & may be too often with family members or for a business trip. Prime locality, easy accessibility & well connected to move around and wonderful design with very good interiors and good staff and had sweet memories
Stay was pleasant, room is clean and adequate Bath fittings. Service needs to be improved as no food will be served to the room apart from breakfast. Situated in prime location, close proximity to main road. Best part of location is, Thalappakatti restaurant is situated in just around the corner.
Location is good neat to T Nagar where all major stores are there. Also hotel rooms are small but made up good. Breakfast is OK as they are not making there instead getting from outside. Otherwise Bali for money good hotel to stay for 1-2 day.
We have stayed for 4 nights. Room service, ambience and breakfast is good. Location too is in heart of the city. The only drawback is they do not have restaurant. Rest of the things are excellent and I would like to suggest this hotel to my colleagues and friends.
Comfortable reconditioned rooms with shower chamber. Centrally located. Breakfast is average. Taxi and auto easily available. 10 km 1/2 hour drive from airport. T nagar market with major shopping malls is nearby. Krishna sweets. More outlet and Sarvana Bhawan are also closeby at walking distance.
For a single person it is Very nice. Located at very good place to access nearby T-nagar. Options in breakfast are from idli sambar to a variety. Staff from security to manager are all professional & that's great. Wi-Fi is good. Keep going. Value for money.
Other aspects like location, cleanliness, services was OK.. In food quality and in Restaurant menu much more improvement is needed.. I was ordering for mix veg but at 9. 30 PM itself they told that it's sold out. And then I order for outside food..
Well located. Staff were OK. Breakfast was having less number of items. Service was fine. Need a little more cleanliness it is worth the amount for the location Enjoyed our stay there.
When I was reach the hotel by 11. 30pm with stomach, but reception guy arrange me a wonderful food over there with in 20 minutes. Allocated room was very good
Except for some of the basic amenities for which they charge (like toothbrush and paste, soap). This hotel is the best at this price. The room service was wonderful. AC at it's best. Cleanliness and room fresheners were optimum. Flexible policies. Even if you want to extend the stay by 1-2 hours, they accept it.
Room a little congested. Location is great. Staff and especially manager very helpful. Dinning area is very congested. Very limited in room dining options. Need to improve on that. Otherwise enjoyed the stay and location.
Amazing experience. Very clean room. Faster wifi. Wholesome breakfast. Friendly warm staff. Centrally located. You should try. The hotel feels brand new. Will stay there again. The fold was very good. The service was prompt. Gave a chance to order food from outside.
The staff was very friendly and helpful even though I arrived at midnight. I was able to order room service also which was excellent as I was very hungry after travelling. The room was comfortable and very clean. The gym was always staffed with a coach which was very helpful.
Good budget hotel in prime location of T nagar. Although room was very small but still manageable. Should have more space for breakfast in morning as it is really very tight. Overall experience is good.
Worth for money, very neat and clean. As a business person thoroughly enjoyed the stay. Nice service and staff are moving very polite. Very close to all places and nice locality. Reasonable breakfast served. Well maintained hotel.
Overall okay
It was comfortable and value for money
I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The room was good and clean. Internet was a bit slow but manageable. Bit far from TNagar shopping, but Auto and Taxis are readily available. Did not have time to try the food.
Just OK...too small bed size
there are two of these hotels, and I went to the other location first, Google maps' fault :). the place is clean well maintained and will definitely stay again. Only issue is (if it matters) it's a little far from the airport. But, early next morning (I only stayed here for a night in transit) I booked Uber for approx 300 Rupees and it took about 30 minutes to get there. it will take much more time if later in day. I left at 7:00 am.
We booked a deluxe room with king bed and gave a standard room with twin beds. We said to the guy it's not my problem. I choosed that hotel only because you have a king bed. After ten minutes, gave us a junior suite with a king bed. Talk when you don't have a good room.
I had to stay overnight and close to the airport. The hotel's location was convenient. Getting taxis for local travel was very easy. The staff were courteous and helpful. However, the single room had no window, hence no natural lighting. Also, the hotel is right on the main road and the noise of the traffic kept me awake as I am a light sleeper.
We rravelles from pondycherry to get bcr flight on nex day. So ... The hotel is very nice and OYO .. Management super and room services and its very near 2 airport ... Very low cost and auper services ... The food have 2 buy But services 24 hours so no need 2 wry and .. 2 OYO
It was good experience with OYO rooms in Chennai. I have been using OYO in Chennai from last 20 days and it is a good experience. We getting prices reasonable and we have not going to faar to search for any hotel. With OYO services we got rooms and rooms also which matches with the ones shown on the website. Complimentary breakfast and wifi is super in all the OYO. Sometimes we may face communication issue but overall it is a good experience.
very happy with the service and the room is very homely. It was a pleasant stay. I would recommend.
Stay was good. We felt home atmosphere. People helped us in locating the places nearby. This is a very good hotel to for a short stay. Suggestion: Lift facilities would make the stay very comfortable. Rates are very reasonable.
Very helpful staff, quick to book autos and taxis, gave good advice on good places to eat out in the local area - we only stayed for one night as the location was convenient to the airport - circa 15 mins by taxi. Overall it was good experience with OYO.
Location of the property is excellent but the rooms may be more appealing.
I Have stayed here for 2 days. Prompt service being provided. Staffs are good. Only issue is the breakfast is being provided from outside. Rooms are good. Staffs are also good for guiding us routes. Overall i have enjoyed the stay. There were some issues but after highlighting those it was rectified by OYO Customer Experience.
I Have stayed here for 3 days. Prompt service being provided. Staff are good. Only issue is the breakfast is being provided from outside. Rooms are good. Staff are also good for guiding us routes. Overall I have enjoyed the stay. There were some issues but after highlighting those it was rectified by OYO Customer Experience.
I booked with OYO for 2 days and my experience with the service provided by them is quite admirable. Just they need to choose hotels along with food facility. I can rate them 6-7 out of 10.
It was really very good at low price. Very good appearance and high level furnisher. Good room service. Front office is also very good. Rooms are good, similar to what is shown in the website.
The price is too high for the type of room I have booked. And it seems they haven't received any notification from hotels.com regarding my stay. Breakfast was below average. But the hotel staffs were very nice and courteous. Hotel doesn't worth a price of 3500.
hotel was excellent,I arrived at 7.30 a.m they had me into a room by 9.00 a.m  check-in was at 12.00,after 17 hours on plane this was greatly appreciated.Very enjoyable stay.Highly recommend it.
Comfortable
The room was clean. The staff was really nice to accommodate me and get everything I wanted.  But I think the best part of this hotel is the restaurant connected to it.  You have to try the chicken lolipops, crispy fried lamb, Hong Kong chicken fried rice, and the best dish by far, the honey chicken.  I would stay at this hotel again for sure.
Stay was good, although I was expecting few items available without having been asked, say bathroom essentials.  newspaper didn't come the 3rd day of stay.. while the one from same day was removed from room ( May they thought I left... ugghh... miscommunication) Who puts tv remote under the bed while cleaning.... Best thing was free WiFi n there restaurant.. . Nice food...
Not good
we reached hotel at 0930am they allow us early check in and free upgrade due to non availability of classic room.room was well maintained and clean linen.check in smooth staff was good and polite.
This hotel is situated in the middle of city with clean rooms and comfortable bed. Plenty of autos available  in front of hotel. Decent breakfast spread and food in the restaurant is also delicious. Staffs were helping and courteous.  The only problem I found was the evening traffic in front of hotel which makes it hard to cross the roads. Overall value for money.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, for printouts and directions.
This was my first booking experience through Expedia and the check in was hassle free and we were guaranteed a room earlier than the actual check in time. We are thoroughly happy with the friendly staff. The toilets were a bit cramped but it was very well maintained.
The stay was fantastic with helpful staff members and very comfort stay at chennai...
Nice hotel ,friendly staff central location.nice breakfast.Good Wifi.
The hotel is located fairly centrally with a short drive to anywhere. ( Approx 200 INR to the airport and a similar amount to George Town.) The staff will arrange taxis and explain to driver where he is to take you in Tamil (as most we encountered only spoke Tamil )  Alternatively you can tour around for 4 hours for about 800 INR.
hotel staffs and the managers are very helpfull, restaurant attached to the hotel is very convenient
It was value for money hotel.
Been to Chennai before and stayed in other hotels. So my review is as under- Rooms are clean but the ac and in-room mini fridge was not working efficiently. Single x 2 Cots have 10\" mattresses which make sleeping difficult as beds give a sense of instability.
This hotel is located at T-Nagar. Initially, it was difficult to locate the hotel as it is situated in by lanes, but I called the hotel and asked the driver to know the exact location. Hotel is neat and clean. Everything I found to be OK. The only suggestion is that the complimentary breakfast could be better and more variety can be provided.
The overall experience was good and the hotel is located in the city. The appearance of the hotel was pretty attractive. The staff were very professional and courteous. The room allotted was very good and maintained clean with all essential facilities. There was no delay during sign in and sign out process. I will recommend this hotel to other travellers.
Everything seemed good. Hotel staffs were helpful. I didn't get the TV working from second day onwards. It seemed they didn't pay the subscription fee.  The breakfast is good. Bathrooms were not exceptional, but fairly maintened. Rooms were a bit small.  Overall, a good hotel to stay.
The location of the hotel was good. The appearance of the hotel was good. There were no activities arranged by this hotel. I had visited this hotel for official purpose. The hotel was located nearby the city. The check in and checkout was not delayed. The behaviour of the staff's was good. The room was clean and spacious. The Wi-Fi facility was not provided in the hotel. The parking place was not available in the hotel.
I had been to Chennai with my family and stayed in this hotel. The staff members in the hotel were helpful and quick in services. It was convenient to locate the hotel and it was close to the city. I ate food in the hotel and it was good in quality and taste. Overall, the destination and stay in the hotel was good, it was value for money and I will recommend this hotel to other travellers.
The hotel was good. The room was neat and clean. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. I had visited this hotel for official purpose. I would not suggest anything to this hotel. I would like to recommend this hotel for other travellers.
I had been to Pondicherry and stayed in this hotel. The staff members in the hotel were helpful and quick in services. There was no delay in check in and checkout. The staff members in the hotel were helpful and quick in services. The room allotted to me was spacious and it was well maintained with all required amenities in working condition. I ate food outside the hotel. There were no activities in the hotel.
I travelled to Chennai for official purpose in the month of December 2015 and stayed in this hotel. The location of the hotel was good. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and check out was done on time. The staff members were helpful and friendly in service. I ate food outside the hotel. There were no activities in the hotel.
Good ambiance, and had a good experience Affordable and good food Good location and near Hotel was booked solid, but we got our reservation in just in time. . Thankfully they were able to switch us to new rooms as guests checked out. The breakfast was better than I remembered, with fresh berries and even granola. The staff was friendly and helpful throughout the stay. Thank you!
The hotel was very good and clean. Parking only lite difficult. Other than that everything was good. The break fast and dinner was suprb and the room service was good and then rate also k for the desired room. Really I enjoyed your facility of the room. And every thing was good.
very friendly and helpful staff
One night only was good and comfortable no complaints here
Although the hotel was nice, clean and safe as well as a good location for shopping, the first night we were there we had to use our misquito net. Someone must have left the windows open at some point and the room was infested. The 2nd and 3rd nights were fine. Food at the restaurant was good however they do not cater for international guests when it came to breakfast. With that being said I would still recommend.
Experience was less than the high rating it receives. Staff helpfulness makes up for so much they were exceptional in their eagerness to help with anything they could.
Great hotel with elegant rooms, great food, strong service and convenient location very close to Sipcot Information Technology park. My only disappointment was that there was no hot water in the sink or shower. Stayed for three days and on days one and two informed different hotel staff yet they were unable to resolve the issue by the end of my stay.
Property is good....but very small rooms..no such as a big lobby....but restaurant and pool is very good located breakfast is also good as far as a Taste of food is concerned as i m a pure NOTH INDAIN i wish it could be a better.....
two nights on through way  good for my purposes ..... not much  else to say
Hotel and staff excellent, breakfest was sublime, but the location was really far away from the centre of Madras
We had a great stay. Hotel is new and very clean. Great amenities. Food is ok. Excellent staff! Everyone is really nice and accommodating, Kannan (he helped me with my luggages) is worth a mention, what a great and pleasant person!  Only negative note is that I booked for one night through Expedia and I decided to extend  for an extra night and the price i got offered me at the hotel was 2000 rupees more than the one showed on Expedia.
Would recommend for others
really nice
The room is very good, and the service is also very good. If the buffet can provide more choice, that will be perfect.
Functional. were at hotel during a very quire period so don't have experience of service during busy times.
Very nice hotel near SIPCOT  IT park .Very convenient for people are vising TCS and other companies
A very comfortable room, but lot of mosquitoes which creates a lot of disturbance... The inroom dining menu is elaborate but the staff are not ready to take order as they clearly refuse to take any order....
Dirty bathroom.. Not cleaned properly. No bathroom mat.. No security in the night and mediocore breakfast. Room window knob was broken and I couldn't close the window properly.  Access card didn't work late in the night and I had t go back to the lobby manager who was sleeping behind the desk.
Good for one night stay. Breakfast is not available with deluxe room. Cleanliness is OK. Area is very local but the access to the road is high. Street food is available near to the hotel which is good for tourists.
Room Service is terribly slow. For 2 bottle of water had to wait 1hr 30 mins. Lastly, when the water came it was warm, I had asked for cold. Overall, it was not a great experience. Although, buffet breakfast was good. It's a costly hotel considering room service.
Congested rooms, absolutely poor service even at the reception. Overall not worth the money and it was evident that management is negligent about their reputation. Not properly organized and made us wait for half an hour for room keys in spite of having booked in advance. Overall it was a bad experience.
I choose this hotel because of cheap and decent stay, it is nearby the busiest market called T Nagar there you could get everything. Ambience was really nice. All staff are very kind natured. Food is also good and tasty not too much costly. I recommend to stay there.
Best hotel for those who do shopping in Pondy Bazzar, T Nagar. Excellent restaurant for BBQ, quite place and all are at walkable distance. Easy way to exit T. Nagar and proceed to International Airport. This hotel is located center for mount road, Kodambakkam and Egmore.
Happened to visit Chennai and booked a room in IRIS. The hotel is in a very congested place with poor locality. Reception itself made me upset, when I saw the room I was so disappointed that left it within 10 mins. Though the staff at reception were very courteous but rooms are pathetic.
Overall the stay was of great value for money. The location was perfect for my needs. I would recommend this hotel to anybody.
Looking my need, the location of the hotel is idle. Tarrif is quite reasonable. Staff behavior is nice. I have recommended this hotel to my other colleagues who will visit Chennai. The only drawback I found with the hotel is that they do not have any pick & drop facilities.
Nonsense place recommended by make my trip fake ranking. This ranking or the marking for the facility's are all nonsense and done by them as per there comfort and make my trip is just another hell who just put anything on their website and as we trust them they just ruin our trust while talking of the terms and condition which no one ever read
Decent facility good breakfast. Service & billing horrible. Check all the food articles before checking in as you are charged for not using as while checking in the contents were not checked . WiFi does not work, zero connectivity, they forget to put towels & napkins etc ... Than they forget to have room menu, etc ... Location and food only two good parts.
The stay in the hotel was good. The service was very good. The hospitality as a whole is very good. Mainly breakfast and dinner was awesome and tasty. Service and caring towards the guest was really marvelous. Appearance and atmosphere was also nice, I liked it.
Very decent stay ... We stay at this hotel every holidays ... Atleast a week ... Past 4 years ... Good ambience. Good food ... Nice staff ... And really value for our money. Totally much satisfied
Cleanliness is awesome. Extra beds are overpriced. Staff is not willing to adjust check-in and checkout times despite telling them in the extras at the time of booking the hotel. The room service is also poor. I asked them to get 2 water bottles. They took nearly 30 mins and got only 1.
Overall, a good experience. Food at Ali's grill was awesome and very good price. Breakfast and buffet at lunch was what we went for. Hats off to the quality of the food and hospitality. Room was good too, but the third bed was not very comfortable. Toilets are in a bad condition.
I had booked the room by online. I had visited this hotel for alone. All facility was provided in the room. All variety of breakfast was provided in the hotel. The booking and front office was good. The location of the hotel was average. The destination of the hotel was average. I didn’t use activity in the hotel. The behaviour of staff’s was good.
Excellent Hotel, Good Breakfast, Good Service, Helpful Staff
Value for money! Bathroom cud've been much cleaner. Happy with the stay
Very rude staff  No hotel restaurant was open at 10:15pm. Neither room service.  No help for mobile charger etc. Even mediocre hotels provide mobile chargers to guests.
The room given for hotel.com customers are average. I had ask for replacement by of bed covers
Stay was good. Breakfast is good. little far from airport. No taxi service as per reception.

large comfortable rooms, House Keeping should improve,lots of mosquitoes in the room .Quality of food & service standard need improvements. Lots of noise from the floor above due to shifting of furniture etc. Good staff at front desk and at door.
Restaurant is a bit over-prized, but the hotel staff are friendly and the rooms have good facilities
Too small rooms. you even can't walk. Wall to wall fitted bed. Not value for money.
Communication with the staff was very difficult as they spoke minimal English. They seemed to be unaware they took bookings through Expedia so even though we had already paid they knew nothing about the booking. We almost missed our plane as although we had asked for a large taxi a small one turned up that refused to take us. The room we finally got was a good size but had cockroach's.
Shopping, theatre nearby. Hotel is nice n good. Just no hot flask n no complimetary mineral water. Room access card is always problem. Stay is good
unpleasant stay. not easy task to reach. Morning b/f not at all good. coffee/tea not available..they  go purchase  milk after ordering coffee
I used 3 double bedroom for our family,it was a memorable stay.i would recommend this property for family stay
I am staying here for the second time. So convenient for T-Nagar shopping and after reaching hotel a peaceful stay as it resides in the residential area. Breakfast was home made so what ever I liked it. Rooms were clean and I got everything I want. The rooms are limited and I am fearing going forward getting rooms will be a challenge.
OYO is very hard to find. The helpline is friendly but the information is general. It took us an hour to locate the hotel
good hotel ...good destination..facilities of the hotel is good manitances of the hotel very good food and service was very good .location of the hotel looks very good also front off looks good appreciate and keep up the good work and contiunue to do
Ideal place. If anybody likes to have pure veg food go to Hotel Saravana Bhavan, just walkable distance and Lord Ayyappa Temple and Tower park is very close to this property so we can relax. Very nice to stay. Rooms are very clean. Morning breakfast very tasty exclusively south Indian food is nice. Ampa Skywalk very close from this property. I advise to put a property name board for ease to locate.
Wasome experience and it was very good hotel . I spaiend very god time during stayed at this hotel ,hotel room, hotel service, hotel food was very good Hotel staff's are very professional very polaied , so it was a very nic hotel .I wood like to come hear aging.......
As soon as you book the Hotel you are taken care personally by the owner of the Hotel Ms Jaya priya, She is a businesswomen by hobby, Hospitality is her hobby so you don't have to worry for anything, Nice , very clean, comfortable rooms with good services. I would like to stay again.
it was good. Hotel staff are cooperative. When I was feeling uncomfortable health issues, the staff took me to hospital. it was great hospitality.
This could have been a great experience if its not for the incompetent staff. Staff is rude and should work on their professionalism and cordiality.
Had clean rooms. It was in budget, staff was co-operative. Had very good experience.
Not as per the reviews and stars .pictures were very nice but in actual it was opposite.
Stated that the room is with balcony but given without balcony. Stated there is a 32inch tv given was a 21inch tv. Only one set of bath n hand towel given when there is 2 guest. The front desk didnt have a basic courtesy. The wifi is working. The
Clean room and a good shower, plenty of hot water. Good customer services. Helpful front desk.  Room service is available. There is no lunch/evening restaraunt.  Well organised breakfast, plenty of room to read the daily newspaper and have breakfast in a leisured manner. Very enjoyable.
The hotel was pleasing but the price point was a little too high. The staff was generally very friendly.
Best place to stay with good food varieties and room service.Rooms are a bit small but convenient enough to stay.
Recently, I booked this hotel for my parents and siblings. They had a wonderful stay! The customer service was exceptional and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The food was fantastic! We highly recommend it to anyone who would prefer a calm and quiet stay in Chennai. It is an oasis of peace in the middle of a busy city. Overall, excellent! We will return again to this place.
I have stayed at many hotels in the past, but none of them can stack up to the comfort and atmosphere of Hanu's. The breakfast was amazing, the hotel staff were polite and rather accommodating especially a manager named Praveen. Overall the hotel was one of the highlights of my trip to Chennai.
The property is located in most posh part of the city, and has quaint homely feel. The staff is super efficient and available round the clock. Although, a bit old property, well-managed and upkeep as per best standards.
Hotel is at nice location, nice environment, tasty food. Only the service part was slow, if you order something you have to wait for minimum half hour. Behaviour is nice, food has genuine rates. Rest was OK.
Awesome and mind blowing, it was pleasure staying at that place. So guy's plan banate hain hum sab theek rahega sir please thanks sir sure Mam will follow karo dhoni thanks sir have already informed Nagesh please share your opinion.
This property is located close to the Tamil Nadu CM and Thalaivar Rajinikanth's house and you can expect tight security. Safe, silent and lots trees around away from the traffic noise. Rooms are very clean and has good facilities and hotel staff were also very courteous. Only let down for me would be the food can do better.
We went to Chennai for Visa interview and this Hanu Reddy Residences is near to US consulate. We checked in around 3:30 pm and the people in the reception were very courteous. Even at that time, they served good food. Thanks to the staff for that. We ordered Onion pakoda for evening snacks and it was yummy. Dinner [Phulka and Paneer curry] was hot and tasty. Breakfast was decent. Overall it was a pleasant stay.
Awesome Experience!!! Love the Stay. The facilities were too good. Location is very calm and serene. Lovely Food too. Overall lovely experience. Love the place love the place love the calmness there.
Goodjjfjdjdjdjdjdkdkfkkfkkfkfkkfkkfkfkfkfkfknf nfjjfkf fjjfjkfknnf jfjfjjfjjfjf nfjfkkfkf nfjfmfkfkfkfkfkr nfjfmfkfkfkfkfkr nfjfmfkfkfkfkfkr ntktktkt ktkktktjjtktkjtjjt ktktktktktkmdkr krkrkktkjdontnkd
I wanted a decent place for my friends to stay for a birthday party at affordable rates and this is it. Well maintained, good staff, clean and great value for money. It's centrally located so you have everything at walkable distance from malls to foodie streets to the state CM house. Great for business and one night travellers.
The hotel was located in the city. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. The check in and checkout was not delayed. The room was neat and clean. There were no activities arranged by this hotel.
The room is very clean. The hotel fully surrounded my trees which is more pleasant and very good to see. I am happy to recommend this residence those who like to stay in chennai. .
It was relaxing feeling here in this property. Was pleasantly surprised with silent ambiance and peaceful avenues around this place though it is located in the centre of this capital city. Very fairly priced. Small restaurant and kitchen needs an hour to serve in rooms. It's a clean and good place. Liked it.
It was a very comfortable stay. The place seemed a bit old on the outside, but inside the rooms is a beautiful and comfortable and fresh stay. Loved the stay and would repeat this again, if I get another chance. The only snag I had was with hotel staff not being able to give things on time, when I asked, but they were courteous anyway.
Ideal hotel if you are going for US visa. Great location, great homely place and excellent service. It's right behind the Chief Ministers house. Clean location. The place is very peaceful and the staff is helpful. One advice for visitors is to order food well in advance as they take about 30+ minutes to deliver.
It was a horrible experience. I don't know why MMT refers such filthy places. It spoils the credentials of MMT. It can be just termed as a guest house. Improved version of dormitory. Floor is with old styled tiles. Not even a carpet. AC does not work. A ceiling fan in room which makes hell lot of noise. Old styled bath room with an electric geyser In short horrible recommend MMT to remove from its list..
An Old Bungalow/ House, converted into a spacious hotel. Very comfortable, spacious rooms, with clean bathrooms. A limited breakfast spread, but quite tasty food with live counters. Was here for 6 days & the staff were very friendly & courteous, WIFI- Not working for the entire duration. Toiletries, can definitely improve given the amount they charge to the customers. Overall, stay was very relaxing.
Hi I used to stay there for one week, it primary location in OMR main road, cleanliness is average and more secure area to stay with family. It is reasonably OK for Manet value. Thanks for Makemytrip online portal for their reasonable concession.
The electrical connections were not good and were not fixed even after complaining. I was given a extension board instead. Other facilities were good. The location of the hotel is good and behaviour of staff is also good.
The hotel was good. However they can make it more easy for the customers to find it by putting up sign boards. Facilities were okay. No WiFi was given. No food facility was given! Staff was cooperative. In all they could have done much better!
Have to improve lot in their service.. No proper power back up service. Couldn't find any dining service... But fine stay for business trip for their accessibility.. Overall average experience not bad.
It was really a bad experience, the staff are not cordial at all, both of the managers are bad people, don't even know to behave with the guests properly. The guest house claims to provide internet service through WiFi but I guess the speed is slower than our 2G Mobile Internet.
Average stay. Easy accessible location in omr. Rooms were in OK condition. Facilities were fine. Rate was little high compared to other same type hotels near by. Prefer to take this hotel again as it is easily accessible.
Hotel does not have any facility as lift, cleanliness, staff boy. Even do not have name board on building. Manager is 80 yrs old person who strictly says talk to makemytrip as you booked via them, don't complain to me. Also he had used very bad language. Simply not recommended.
Except small maintenance problems, Total stay was good and Nice. Staff response is good. Affordable cost. But the need to improve the maintenance littile bit. Very near to the transport facilities.
Old apartments used as hotel. Manager is not professional at all, argues harshly. Too many rules and regulation. Other good hotels are there for same price opt for them. If spending a night with roof above your head is your concern then go for it or just stay away.
They don't know what hotel service is at all. Hardly any room service is there or they provide. The positive point is the location but nothing else you can expect what you can normally look for in a hotel service. But for a day's accommodation, it's ok. Not advisable for longer stays.
Very poor quality food & drink, facility is worst and no room service available. Their behavior is like they are very disappointed as we come to stay at there place. This is the worst guest house I have visited ever in my life. In my opinion no one should book that guest house.
Rooms are good. Service is quite ok. DON'T Know if its the flood effect or not but internet through wifi always shows limited connection & the staff were not able to fix it else everything is ok. Location is perfect for foodies as it is just opposite to barbeque nation & another excellent one is 'sangeeta'.
This place has really very good ambiance. The hotel front staff was very friendly and professional. This is budgeted property. They have free Internet for 24 hours. The room size was very big. Room was cleaned and well in presentation. Bathroom was very good. Drinking water was also good in quality. AC was working fine. It is in the heart of the city. Very well-connected to main road of the city.

If you are lookin for a économiq stay prefer this..or just move on
Rooms should be more cleanlier.There was no A/C in the morning . room was full of mosquitoes.
Pleasant
Nice stay. Complementary breakfast was good. Overall experience is satisfactory.
If you are relaying on the internet then this is not the hotel
No Bath room towels and good soap. Cleaning to be improved. Service courteous and helping. No parking facilities. Can be improved. Narrow toilets too. As it is city easy to commute. Near Anna Salai too. Can assist in parking. Narrow entrance and no board to show it.
The destination of the hotel was good. The location of the hotel was good. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was not delayed. The overall service of the hotel was good. The complimentary breakfast was provided in the hotel. The food was nice with quality and quantity. There were no activities arranged by this hotel. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel.
However, we never got to stay at the hotel. We had a situation that caused us to leave Chennai the night before. I am sure this was a good hotel.  Please convey to the hotel management our sincere regrets. Thanks.
I had visited this hotel for personal purpose. The food quality was average in the hotel. The activities were not arranged by the hotel. The location of the hotel was good. There was no delay in check in and checkout. All amenities were available in working condition in the room. The parking facility was not available at the hotel. The Wi-Fi facility was provided by the hotel. I don't have any suggestion for this hotel.
I had visited this hotel with my family. Wi-Fi service was provided inside the hotel. The best part of the hotel was food. The food quality and quantity was nice. I would recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers. The location of the hotel was good. The parking was available inside the hotel.
I had visited this hotel with my family for holiday trip. The hotel was located in the city. The hotel location was convenient. Everything was provided in the room. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel improvement.
The hotel was located inside the city. The room was good with all facilities were provided. Wi-Fi facility was provided inside the hotel. I was satisfied with this hotel stay.
The activity was not conducted in the hotel. The behaviour of the staff’s was good at the hotel. The railway station and bus stand was nearby the hotel. I had visited this hotel with my family. The room given to me was not neat, clean and not spacious. All amenities were provided in the room. The best part of the hotel was location. I would suggest this hotel to improve room service. The service was not good in the hotel.
I would like to recommend this hotel for other travellers. I would not suggest anything to this hotel. I had visited this hotel with my family. The Wi-Fi facility was not available at the hotel. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. Temple was not nearby the hotel.
I had visited this hotel with my friends for official purpose. The room facility was good in the hotel.
AVOID SRICTLY THEY ARE CHEATERS. denied admission against reservation.
Room is too small and suffocating. Charged higher amount than Expedia invoice. There are various reasonable hotels nearby location.
wifi doesnt work. no parking. took 2 hours to give extra bed.
hand a wonderful time
Have stayed about 10 days off and on. Staff are friendly but loud on 1st and 4th floor. Don't forget free breakfast staff will not tell you.
The guest house is conveniently located to the US OFC center (by walk: 15 mins - next lane) and to the US embassy (by bus: Rs.11, 20-30mins by auto: depends on how you bargain :)). The bedsheets, room and bathroom are clean. The walls appear worn out though. Wifi is slow. Simple, pleasant stay- expect no frills. Good Veg food is available (7am - 10:00pm) at the veg restaurant downstairs.
No parking available at the hotel which causes inconvenience to people traveling in their vehicles
Stayed here for couple of days. Room was not spacious. The hot water facility was a joke. The water was no where even close to being warm. However the room was very clean and the location was close to the biggest shopping hub in Chennai. They have a vegetarian restaurant on the ground floor. The food was good and the restaurant was clean.
Not so good facilities and no hot water and no internet in my floor where I was staying but room is good and location is far but for my last trip it's quite nearer to my work place.
Have checked in for 2 days. Good location and value for the money. There are few complaints but every hotel will have some. For example WiFi wasn't working, hot water wasn't coming properly, Power fluctuations was there. But they are all minor priority for me. Overall the place is good and I liked the breakfast and staff behaviour.
Good location, good breakfast, good service, good hospitality had pleasure stay but only one thing a/c is working but ceiling fan is not available, surrounded smell of cigarette smoking in room. Overall good and worth of money this is the second time I could stay there.
Worth place. Cheap price we can get good service. Thanks to make my trip. Decent and clean environment. Flexibility to check out timing. Hotel staff are good. Gid food. But repeated menu. Compare to cost its good.
I stayed 2 days in this hotel. Staff is very friendly and talking politely. Complimentary breakfast is ok. Car parking has very limited space. Room cleaning and maintenance was nice. I feel restaurant food rates are bit high in this hotel, anyway we have Domino's and other restaurants are there near this hotel.
We booked for 1 night via makemytrip with breakfast. Breakfast was pathetic and we skipped and choose to eat outside. We told the reception we might extend for a day, they immediately changed the availability in make my trip to sold out and we had to pay 500 extra to book the room for next day, than what we paid via makemytrip.
Stay at Kings Cross residency was awesome. Room was good and clean. Hotel services like Wi-Fi and complementary breakfast was good. The location of the hotel was nice accessible to taxi and bus services.
Was a one day stay. Nice location. Easily accessible. Nice room, clean, spacious and good service. Nice breakfast too, was complimentary and had many options. Cons- Bad WiFi service and TV has close to no channels. Almost nothing is subscribed into.
Its a Nice place to stay. The same is more of a guest house and require to graduate as a hotel. Basic requirement like a restaurant is not there. Bought out food through room service is very average. The complement breakfast lacks variety. Wi-fi service is poor. But the stay was otherwise comfortable. Rooms and toilets are small but clean.
Clean, worth the money, cosy and perfect location. The only area that needs improvement is the restaurant and services in F&B. The feel of the stay is Star category and the hotel is very good value for money.
Stayed in hotel for a day, there was flexible check-in and checkout time. Staff is courteous. Free internet and location is awesome. Service was good but not excellent. It's a good budget hotel with cleanliness maintained. Staff was courteous and good thing was flexible check-in/out timings.
nice and wonderful , service is good , rooms all in very clean , residency near places all good breakfast only not ok but all is good .... i like so much thank you :-)...............................................................................
Staffs were very friendly and co-operative. Room was pretty clean and food was good for decent price. Worth the money you pay. Immediate response for any request/complaints.
Nice Room in god location. value for money. Staffs are very Polite...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
Well maintained rooms.. Small rooms though... Fully ac...food is decent... A good hotel. Value for money.it is well connected by bus and train.bathrooms are ok. They ll giv only soap, shampoo and brush
Room are neatly maintained and staff are very helpful. The hotel location is good and it is close to shopping centers. Breakfast is good, although not the best. Would recommend staying at this hotel. Also need to make sure you let them know if there is a change in check in and check out times.
It was a fantastic stay in Hotel Nachiayappa Park Hotel. Room was clean, bathroom was also clean and good ventilation. The hotel's members were very polite a friendly. They behave in a professional manner. The food provided was hygienic and delicious. Good location. The hotel is worth for money.
Situated at the busy heart of the city, this place is very clean. No hassles like other places. Nice customer service. They were very responsive even at late night. Decent and clean rooms. Great value for money.
We stayed here for two nights. The hotel lies in what you can call the business area, which means the price will not be the lowest but it is very convenient since many restaurants are around. There was friendly staff and decent rooms. The only real downside was that we had no view at all (ie. A brick wall).
It's a very good location, No restaurant,, Bad staff Not so clean, No proper amenities, No proper network and WiFi. No laundry, The bathrooms are so stinky and they need to be well treated, Overall the hotel is just satisfied for the money I paid.
The service was very poor and for each and everything I was made to chase and get. Room service was bad, concern managers with inefficient communication and coordination. In the past it was good and currently the management is not caring and focus sing only on collecting more money.
SUPERB Location, we get all the necessary items there like shopping, tranportation, food, etc. Hotel premises was good to stay. Management was too good, they were supportive and very helpful to us. I would like to stay there whenver I visit Chennai.
Centrally located in T Nagar. Very near to Hotel Saravana Bhavan, Ranganathan street and all major shopping spots like Pothys, Saravavana Selvarathinam etc ., There is no restaurant and room service for food in this hotel, but it is not an issue because of nearby Saravana Bhavan. Bar is available. Spacious rooms. On the total, it is value for money.
Very Comfortable stay in Chennai at economical. The Bus stand is very near and walk-able distance. Excellent location for shopping. All shopping are around 1 km only. The hotel service also good. I am satisfied for shopping and all memorable places. Very Good.
Hotel room is just stinks, location is okay. Air conditioner is not working properly. Cupboard is dusted. No toiletries have given except soap. Totally it's not worth for money. I never recommend this hotel.
Good people good person nice job good exprience. Second time i book this hotel its a nice. I suggess all person take a exprience 1 time to niciappa hotel ittttttttttttts toooooooooooooo goooooooooooooooood i like ittttttttty
Food not good and breakfast not available in the hotel. Where hotel was placed, it is was excellent. All shopping needs are around 1 km only. I am satisfied for shopping and seeing all memorable places.
One of my close friend referred this hotel and I booked it. Even after checking in our room, the room was not cleaned properly. There is no helpline numbers to contact reception, service, etc. No towels, soaps and accessories provided, after a big fight with receptionist, they provided towels and soaps after 20 mins. Worst service ever.
vfdsfsdfgdgdsgsdgsdddddddgfggfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
Stay was good at this price. Location is near market. Clean....... . .... ......................................................................................................................................................................
From my side this is not food to stay in this hotel with family.  Hotel rooms are not clean, charges are high that compared.   Hotel staff has to learn lot of things.   Hotel has to work hard on many things.
This is a basic Hotel. The price was a little higher for the standard of this hotel. Bathrooms were not that clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. They charged for 3 persons per room but for the third person they gave only a small mattress without the bed and expected us to put the mattress on the floor and sleep which this is very bad. when asked they said that this is the policy of the hotel.
One of the worst dirty hotel, stay away from this hotel. Room blanket is spotted with yellow spots, towels are old and the worst is bathroom where you can see yellow spots. stay away from this hotel
room is clean,maintenance is good,airport services is excellent.
good place to consider.the quality of linen looks dull.bright and spot less linen would be appreciated if maintained.the only complaint is reservation was not found on the system and this delayed the check in process.if not it could have helped us save more time
Except that the place is close to Chennai airport, nothing is noteworthy. Rooms was not clean. The flush mechanism didn't work and no effort was made to repair the faulty mechanism. No elevators. Only good thing is that they provide free pick up and drop from and to Chennai airport.
Very closed to the airport
Such a poor pick up arrangement, pathetic reception area, noisy surroundings, dirty room, no wardrobe, poor quality chair & table
Good considering its location but still could have been better for the price they charged. Service was good and would recommend for someone aboarding a flight.
Its a good experience.
Rooms were never cleaned, full of mosquitoes. Worst choice in my life
Rooms are not clean. I think they never clean the bathrooms and bedsheets also. Room service is horrible we need to wait for at least 30 min for any kind of service.
It is on a good location and the staff are courteous. I checked in early as i had to check out early, but they charged me an extra 500 rs. Also, in the room, blankets and pillows had foul smell and toilet jet was not working.
Receiving of reception and clarity of info delivered is not proper. Rooms are upto the mark. Need to improve the appearance from outside. It is not good, may be due to old construction. Other than that everything is fine. Food delivered is upto the mark.
Bathrooms were not good, though bearable. Der was no lock in bathroom then we waited while they adusted the lock and flush and shower was not working and their was a hint of foul smell too
I stayed in the hotel for a client meet and the experience was really wonderful. I don't think I really cared about the amenities other than the basic ones. The rooms were quite nice. The mattresses in the rooms were the nest a hotel can have. This was the best hotel I have ever visited. You will get a complimentary breakfast for sure. Which is a good one.
Service is good and it is easy to locate. Food is okay and other amenities, provided are just okay. As there aint much better options in this area, at reasonable price. So its better to stay in Oyo. Which provides quality rooms at a reasonable prices.
The experience was fantastic..the service of front office stuff is awesome. The room service was fantastic...the management was not at all worried about the payments ..instead they were concern about the well being of their guests...we have been to India especially Chennai several times and never experienced such a great service....starting from cleanliness all major aspects were perfect.
I had a good time at the hotel, I would certainly recommend for others. I would suggest to book this hotel through yaatra for a reasonable price. If you have not come to Chennai for leisure stay, go for it. So guys go for it if you are on official purpose!!
I stayed there for 4 days. It is a good hotel. Staff behaviour was very good there. There was no delay in check in and check out procedure. Room was okay with all amenities. They all were in working condition. Food was good. All facilities were good there. No activity was there. They should have been added activities in this hotel. I travelled there single in November 2013 for roam around and for work.
The location is close to the bus stand and it is within the city. The rooms are of AC and the service is excellent, the room was booked in advance. Food is good and bar facility is available. Parking space is available. Wifi is available and it is recommendable hotel to others.
It was 5 days stay at Thulasi Park Hotel, it was situated at main city and there were basic facilities in the room and also spacious, food was tasty with lot of variety, we weren't used the activities organised in the hotel, there were enough space for parking. Overall we enjoyed the stay and all in all.
That hotel was very nice but water was very salted i got a allergic problem in using that water food and all also not bad room boy and everything is not nice near kodambakkam it is famous area of chennai all actors is here only my girl friend also happy a/c room is good only
The Staff at front office and F&B were extremely gracious, their friendliness and hospilaity made me feel as if I was at home.
Solid option close to the airport. Not all restaurants open. Accommodating staff.
Our stay at zone was pretty good. Staff were super amazing all the way from front desk reception staff (who even helped negotiate the rickshaw scooter rate for us) to the staff at the restaurant. Amazing people.  I wished they would take more care of the mosquito issue though. Too many in the building.
The service was so good that it was a little bit overbearing at times.
It was great to stay at Zone....
A good place for comfortable stay.
Hotel Gokulam Park, Chennai - Very good location, nice room, good & courteous staff and service, Front Desk very help full. Everything about the hotel is fantastic except that in bathroom & tea kettle I found small type cockroach which raised health concerns.
The rooms looks like a old and very small poorly maintained. Because we found couple of bed bugs... Air conditioners are very old and it stopped working and making sounds frequently suddenly. Swiping not working while opening door. Restaurant food or not good average and server are also not enough knowledge.
The rooms appeared to be very old and poorly maintained. Air conditioners are very old and it stopped working intermittently. Furnitures were shabby. Location was okay. The room size was very small. Bathrooms were not really neat and clean.
A budget hotel in nice location ( Ashok Nagar, Chennai), good staff and breakfast at rooftop restaurant is served fresh and good quality food. Location of Hotel is also at key location and convenient for all, The rooms were well maintained, Best value for money ..
Basic room and facilities. Decent food and breakfast options. Good for short business trips. Room service is a bit slow, need to follow up to get your food. Convenient if your business is around the location.
Please ignore this. They are do many options in this city. Poor service, poor maintenance, no TV channels, no response on your requests. Absolute waste of money. Just for location close to airport and very easily located... Nothing else I mean..
I visited Chennai in the month of September 2015 and stayed in this hotel. It was convenient to locate the hotel and it was in centre of the city. There was no delay in check in and checkout. The room allotted to me was spacious and it was well maintained with all required amenities in working condition. Overall, I was satisfied with the stay.
Hotel is good. Well-maintained and correct value of money. Service was also good. Rooms were small and comfortable. Trip was wonderful and memorable. Hotel also help with travel facilities which made it more convenient.
This is kind of good budget hotel for people who doesn't want to afford 3 stars. Considering to pricing services, cleanliness are satisfactory. Quality of the food served, food menu and prices are is good. Room service is well enough to satisfy the customer.
All services are excellent and staff also helpful. Mr Khan is very important and interesting to know how to manage in Chennai. So I will always support and stay in Hotel Golulam Park.
You can't get more than the available facility for the money we pay. Awesome. Breakfast spread is ordinary but tasty. Sound proof glass required as we can hear honking noise clearly since the location of hotel is on the main road.
Extremely satisfied with the service and the quality of the room. Food was good, location is very good so it's a very good deal. Car parking is not adequate and that is the only problem other wise it's value for money.
Well I asked these guys for a booking over the counter and the price they told me was nearly double that of Makemytrip! Place is clean and decent. Staff are ok (they were creating unnecessary problem during check-out). Food is ok too.
I had to do a short stay along with my wife in Chennai for some personal work. Gokulam park is a wonderful choice for it - given the location, staff courtesy, south Indian food, room amenities, etc. Rooms could have dark curtains. I would recommend this hotel for this price than other hotels nearby.
Nice to stay with their.......................... .. .... ...
Located in the heart of the Kashmir Valley, which is called 'Paradise on Earth', Srinagarâ€™s landscape is interspersed with greenery, lakes and hillocks. The city is spread out along the banks of the Jhelum River and is famous for its surrounding natural beauty and postcard tourist spots. The two parts of the city are connected by nine bridges. The Hari Parbat and the Shankar Acharya hills lie on either side of the city.
I stayed for three days, got good response but the food din't go well. As my taste was fully bombayish.. The hotel doesnt provide buffet spread, but was very satisified with the south indian breakfast, a different taste, but very less.. Sabse bada pet lekhin kam khaana, alag pura bahoth acha sa prop. Pura satisfied ho, In pondi bazar, had good entertainment, luv chennai!! Thankz for the gift!!
Room was clean and comfortable.
Not worth for the money paid. Toilet commode and pipe fittings need immediate replacement.Toilet flooring and wall pianting need to be improvised.       Bed matress is really good .  Wish to see a better breakfast menu.
Not bad
Nothing much
No very good hotel
very arrogant and unpleasing receptionist unfit to hold a post in hospitality. Shouting against a guest in a hotel charging 3700/ per day is unheard in the annals of hotel industry. I never forget the humiliation met with and really want to make a serious complaint but to whom? .
I do not want to trust this website,I booked a hotel and after going hotel they told rooms are not avaliable.They told they will refund the money which they didnt do.I called after few days and spoke to customer service they said they have to it manually and its a technical prob ..its like wasting of my time calling customer care again and again
Ok
Food is very expensive
The service staff should be more customer centric and the bath space is too small to even stand and take bath.
The room is small. Bathroom is too small. It is not very clean. Accessibility to the hotel is not very good. It is in side road. A/c was not working. Breakfast is served in the room and you have to eat in the bed (:- you have to give the car keys to the security as the car is parked outside, check out is 24hrs from the check in time.
Staff are really helpful, they treat you with great hospitality. Cleanliness in the premises which make your stay more comfortable. Convenient location. Definitely value for money.
The room was very nice, although, the bed was stiff as a board. That actually worked out well, I slept very well. The breakfast room is very small, but that gave me the opportunity to share conversation with a stranger. The breakfast buffet was limited, but really delicious and fresh, high quality items were served.
it was good for short stay..
I originally booked a room for one person; then I corrected the booking for two persons with two beds.   They said they did not receive the second, corrected request.  Promised a room with two beds, but manage, Mr. Anand, initially reneged in an unpleasant way.  ok resolved.  Noisy clientel; quality of breakfast not high.
Staff were not friendly - the room we booked was in anouther building- beds were worst I've ever slept in- breakfast was minimal-
Wifi is practically non existent
This hotel is best for shopping, balaji temple, different food joints. Etc. Chennai famous pondy bazaar is 2 min walk away. Staff is very good. Rooms are big size. Good choice in breakfast which is free.
I called room service to collect my laundry. One person came and without even knocking, he unlocked the door with their master key. Chain was hooked or else he could have entered the room directly. Rooms in hotel are meant to be private but here its not. Don't know with how many people they have done this and apologized. Good luck for your visit.
I suggest to everyone never ever go here. The pics of good hotel and good rooms but gave room in a guest house rooms like servant quarter very bad staff. They fights with a customers. Never ever go to this hotel.
Different treatment for online makemytrip booking and direct hotel on site booking. Particularly on check run-out times. On line 12-12pm and for direct 24 hours. Most international flights lands at early morning. Then this 12pm in and outs are troubling for onward flight travels in the same day evenings. Local bookings are saved from this situation.
Good hotel located very near to T. Nagar main shopping area, rooms are neatly maintained. Staff are good and polite. Service is good. Food is good. Definitely value for money hotel. Especially, for stay with family.
The hotel staff is very cooperative and excellent in service. We requested for spiceless food for our older parents and they obliged and prepared the same. The executive rooms are spacious and very clean. It was great value for money with makemytrip discount.
Very good location and comfortable rooms. Courteous staff and good complimentary south indian breakfast served. Welcomed well and accepted for little extra hours of stay. Limited as well as unlimited variety of food available for lunch and dinner.
Excellent location in central T. Maharashtra, great accommodation and facilities at right price. Good quality breakfast and good restaurant. Great to have a WiFi facility. People are courteous and helpful.
Ek dum horrible hai hotel Kabi be yaha koi na jaye photo kuch dhikhaya hai jaa k Ganda sa room dete hai full of gande room Gandhi service or Ganda sa Khana I suggest to every one its a fake pics or fake every everything. Please never ever go here in life
Very bad staff ugly hotel he shown me a good pics in here but given me a bad room full of mosquitoes smelly very bad staff very bad food quality he shown the pics of hotel on road but given the room in back side cottage ugly rooms never ever go to here again
Hotel is not interested to a lot rooms to those who comes through online. Check in time delayed more than 6 hrs. Asking us to wait in lobby. Next day getting call and asking when we vacating the room before 24hrs.
Hotel is close to the T Nagar shopping area. Our objective of value for money was achieved- both in the shopping and the hotel charges. We got an upgrade without asking. Recommended for families.
Better & cheap good facility. It has good staff, food facility
The location and service personnels were awesome. The rooms were clean and tidy. Only thing was we were provided rooms in an adjacent building and not on the main one. Hope it ll be wiped out next time.
Stay were pleasing and courteous. When booked online it is a 1 pm 12pm checkout. There is hot water facility and restaurant available at the ground floor high serves good quality food, though it is slightly on the expensive side. Overall it's a good package.
Bath room had leaks, decorative condition of bathroom Poor. Staff are very helpful.

Overall it was ok. Walkable distance for shopping in TNAGAR. Easy access to airport & Railway station. Non-smoking rooms.
Its was awesome place to stay.
Nice place for business travellers.. Very friendly staff
Nice at residential place
spacious enough. toilets are good. kitchenette with no crockery; not even a spoon. A/c is functional but control not working. matress is not comfortable.
Too many Mosquitoes, late check in, warm room, fridge not working, no light over vanity mirror, bed  too  soft, disturbed at the middle of the night by a errand boy, dirty swimming pool, curtains don't cover the full windows, balcony chairs uncomfortable, no information about complimentary tea, breakfast not part of the package, no lights on the beach, no tea kettle, bath shower low force, no hand towel, no complimentary fruits, snacks or drinks
Quality of service is too bad. We arrived 12.30pm actually our check in time is 12.00pm. They said wait for sometime we waited until 1.00 and then reached room
I am really sorry to tell u that this is one of the worst resort i have been in my life, i request hotels.com to look into the property before they option it out for booking.  I am regular traveller thru which my bookings are done on hotels.com.This one really pathetic.
The room and ambience inside is good. But bathroom needed a towel rack near wash basin. Taps were leaking. There were many flies in garden area. Room service is pathetic. Breakfast was not good and food was cold. The pool was not clean. The towels were stinking
Staff helpful and approacheable, friendly Facilities  had to be serviced regularly like water heater. Swimming pool cold Beach was good. Overall good to r and r
It was a great place to spend 4 days with my family. The food quality needs improvement in both diversity and quality. Not all room extras like kettle and tea or coffee were availed. Otherwise a comfortable stay with good facilities including a clean beach.
Room is in excellent maintenance, but room service was poor where I asked change of bed cover and iron box but they have not provided me that after calling more than 3 times also. I booked luxury villa but it has lot of lizards, horrible Bath tub where it contains lot of red worms and not maintained properly, also complimentery breakfast is just OK, nothing special, idli, vada, dosai as usual ..
Hotel Rooms are well maintained. But food service and taste are not so well. The hotel is situated in the beach. So you can have fun and enjoy. If they concentrate on developing the taste of food its value for money.
Room service, everything is Good and especially location. Swimming pool is awesome and one more thing maintenance is so nice and clean!! Little disappoint with management regarding booking moreover this resort is nice.
VGP is Good place for one day holiday. Nice beach facing resort for both friends and family visit. Very refreshing. Food can be better with better quality and options
Happy stay, nice ambiance, in the morning breakfast is just OK, room is worth for money and little bit hot on that day so we can't enjoy the climate. Rooms are good with jacuzzi, swimming is nice but the place is not right.
Nice location. Spacious rooms. Staff were very courteous. Can be maintained better. I had to change three rooms from the time of allotment of my room as the rooms were very untidy and stinking. Room service was very poor.
The room was good except for the bathroom where the shower and other facilities couldve been a lot better. The front office staff were courteous enough. However the cost for the stay should have been lesser, it was a tad bit high compared to many other resorts around.
I have checked in on 2nd July. We booked 3 rooms. AC not working and TV remote not working. Stinking smell on all rooms. Bath room are very bad. Lot of stains. I recommend not to go this resort. And breakfast and evening tea kadai snack when we had the food immediately reacted on our back. Stomach upset for 4 people out of 6. Lot of flies on the food serving area. Local stall food is more hygienic than this VGP resort food.
Reception - very good. Pool - very good. Kid's area - needs maintenance. Room - very good. Bedsheets was torn. Bathroom - no soap holder. No mug/bucket. Water outlet was bad leading to water stagnant was kind of stinky at time. Open buffet - worst resort buffet ever. Restaurant - Very slow in service. No proper guidance/boards for direction.
All Thing good ....., ........ ........... .. . . .. .... . . .. ....... ...................... ....... . .. . ........................... ........... . .. .. ...............................,.......,.....................................................
Staff were helpful. Greenery everywhere. Rooms are spacious. Beds were old..sinking inside. Got us back pain. No kids swimmimg pool...existing one had lot of tiny insects...buggy was under repair..if you have elderly, they need to walk..needs more maintenance overall. Location is good...beach is accessible...
The hotel is in extreme poor condition. No AC working, Unclean rooms, crumbling bed. Will neither stay again nor recommend to others
Very good
Noisy, difficult to find location, heater not working, overpriced
Breakfast was ordinary idli wada sambhar. There was no choice of fruit or other healthier options
I arrived after 2:00am due to a late flight so was grateful the staff got up to check me in. I was mainly interested in getting some sleep and was able to so. Received a modest breakfast brought to my room. Room was small, but clean and the bed was comfortable.
Please ensure that you provide complete hotel address along with the landmark, surrounding roads etc
Not to go with the net photograph. Rooms are toilet size. Cost is high compare to the facilities.
It's good decent hotel. Not like a top hotels but great for the price.
Not a very good location, only advantage is it is close to airport. Very small room and very noisy. Did not provide shuttle service as promised
Close to the airport but not very clean to my standards. Had to ask for a different room which was cleaner than the previous. But if I did not need to crash for few hrs until my 2am flight, I'd just leave the place and look for something else. Seems popular with local travellers and you can hear everything in your room (someone turns on their TV, ...). Not the best choice!
It was easy to get to the airport at 2am, which may have been the only upside.  The hotel was very loud all night long and after I woke to someone playing with the doorknob I found myself unable to sleep again.
Good & value for money on that area. They are more flexible with timings. Their service is also good. Hotel contains bar, restaurant.. All are good. They can give even rooms near to lift for families stay.
Geezer and AC does not work. Wi fi is good. Staff behaviour is careless. Warmth in behaviour is missing
The suite room was having bad odour. Except for that the location, facilities are good. Very friendly front office staff. The morning breakfast is worth the pay and will cost 111 rs (if not part of package). Room service is fine. Final say- Short stay, good option.
An excellent hotel, centrally located in Chennai. Neat and clean, rooms good sized and well-done. Staff is courteous and good. Lobby could be little bigger. Check in and check out was smooth. I would recommend this hotel to others and also will stay again.
Good place to stay and decent environment. Center place and it was very close to office. Food is good and also complimentary breakfast is excellent. Need to add more channels on TV. Particularly Kannada is not there.
They don't give importance to online bookings. Room is OK.
The hotels rooms (Other than Suit Rooms) are very small in size and to me was not satisfactory. Suit rooms are OK in standard. The complimentary breakfast served is not quality, but other paid food quality is good. The staff are friendly and helpful.
It's a good and clean hotel with great hospitality and convenient location, I recommend this hotel. It is value for money. In terms of improvement, they can add traditional South Indian breakfast items on their breakfast buffet menu other than only Idly and Dosa.
It's not worth the money I paid for an AC SUITE room which doesn't look like one. Food was not good. The rooms are old and not tidy. Please try to improve your room service quality. I will not recommend this hotel for this tariff.
The location can be a little confusing but not so difficult to find, if you have Google Maps. The hotel staff was courteous and also provided all the basic necessities on time and even without the need for me to ask. Fast wifi, excellent AC, no noise from the outside or the rest of the rooms. Lift facility. Breakfast is complementary and there is an eating joint right next to the hotel.
The place is quiet, calm and is well maintained. It gives a different feel once you reach the place. The reception at the place was quite impressive and there were no negatives to be pointed out. The breakfast provided was really awesome and enjoyed it.
Ambience, facilities may be as per the rent charged. Suitable for families within this budget but general ambience was below than expected, most probably due to A class city and affordable room rent. In the view of economy facilities might be appropriate and hotel is recommended for stay of families within this budget.
Locality is very good, nearby you have Saravana Bhavan Hotel, few mins walk to Kodambakkam station, ATM, Medical shops, Mosque, Church and Temple are just in walkable distance. Very close to Kodambakkam flyover. Please be cautious to close the glass windows, as windows doesn't have metal cross bars. The glass doors can be opened both from inside and outside as well. Food Just OK, otherwise you will enjoy your stay.
Hotel wise nice and located near to main road. Hotel was old, but maintained very well, so clean and staff are very nice. Room service was outstanding. If I will go Chennai, I would like to stay there only.
It was good. Food was OK. Location is much convenient. ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
The room felt like a dungeon and had odd smell. It didn't feel like a suit. staff were not friendly. sheets were not clean.
Our family went through an unexpected family crisis while at Perfect Haven.  The whole staff bent over backwards to help us out.  They were there any time we needed things and provided excellent service.
MORNING BREAKFAST FROM ARIYAS HOTEL.ONLY ONE ITEM PER HEAD.PAID ABOUT 9500 FOR TWO DOUBLE BED ROOM.NOT UPTO MY EXPECTATION.AND STRUGGLED FOR SEARCHING ROOM.NOT ACTUALLY IN OMR MAIN ROAD.IT IS ADJACENT TO THE ROAD.IT IS SITUATED IN STREET AND OPPOSITE THERE IS FACTORY.WORKING VERY NOISE.
noise from a factory across the street. Villas are not secured, and kept open all day into late night. Bathroom mirror worn out 50%. Google maps shows entirely different location, half a kilo meters south. Phones are not reachable, and hotels.com also tried to reach them but in vain. Checkin checkout times are not posted in hotels.com which makes it difficult to decide on a hotel of our choice. Bathroom shower appliances are dirty
This hotel is quite nice. The staff is very friendly and very accommodating. If you are out late, or coming in very early with luggage they will immediately be there to carry your bags to your room. The meals were very good as well. And the hotel is nearby to many small shops that should you run out of something, you can walk around the corner to get it. Coming from the US, it was nice to have the AC and two fans in each room as well.
it was good
not very good as hotels .com give 3 star rating to this hotel
The location was good with a number of good restaurants nearby. The hotel was comfortable for stay and AC was very effective, the staff had been courteous and helpful. The breakfast was complimentary and above average. This is second time that I chose to stay in this hotel. Recommended.
This hotel located very nearby Egmore railway station and good restaurant available nearby hotel, break fast is good, hotel staffs are very co-operative, best thing is this hotel provide 24 hours check out time for online booking customer.
It was overall an good experience to stay at Hotel Victoria. The location was good and exactly Chennai Egmore rly station. The reception staff was good. The housekeeping staff was also cooperative and helpful. The room service was good enough and the breakfast though limited choice was really good and of good standard.
Nice
Ac was not working I make complaint about 7 times after talking with make my trip executive then they at 2. 30 am change the room afterward's no extra bed was given for child complementary breakfast was hopeless all the day idli nd wada with utpam no other types of breakfast is there 3rd day my flight was at 6 am no substitute no parcel breakfast facility is there Total hopeless service no value for money
Very Nice to stay here. It gives pleasant and very calm feel to you. Here WiFi network is awesome and any one can give it best hotel among all available in this price. It also gives you a very happy environment and breakfast.
Had a one day stay at the hotel. Location was very good, easily accessible. Best part was that a Veg Restaurant Saravana Bhavan was just opp the hotel. I recommend this hotel to all business travellers
Good location clean room but poor hospitality but I think this is better option compare prices of other hotel's because location is too good near egmore railway station Chennai and make my trip reduced the rent just half so make my trip.
The hotel location was good. Railway station was nearby the hotel. The appearance of the hotel was good. The service was not good. I didn't take food from the hotel.
Staying there for business purposes is OK since it's near to egmore station. Also food option outside is really good. Staff were cordial. Food in the hotel was a bit expensive so better to try outside. In breakfast not more options were there. Overall it was a nice stay.
It's in a good location. But no value for the money what we paid. Very limited in buffet break fast. Hot water available only in morning time.
Front office were very good. Rooms are neat and only AC control is not good. Staff were very polite and good hospitality. Room size is very good. Overall, good stay in Chennai. It's centrally located, it's easy to shopping and local trains and also easy to reach all the part in Chennai.
Very good hotel. Staff are also very good. Room service and food is excellent. It's near Egmore station, it has centralised Air-Condition with good facility. Daily room cleaning. Cable television. It has a free Wi-Fi connection.
Don't have food options. Bathroom is very small. Rooms not maintain. Only 3 options in breakfast. TV not working. Internet automatically stop working in morning. Except location I didn't found anything good. Doors locke were broken. Toilet sheet was also broken.
The location is convenient for travel to anywhere in the city. The front office staff and the support staff are very cooperative. All in all, a very good value for money choice. Check-in and check-out are flexible. Very close to Egmore Railway station.
Hotel was good. However, kitchen get closed at 11 p.m. So,when I requested for some food for dinner at 11p.m, they refused.
I have mixed reactions for this place.. I like the hotel but felt is is over priced. Conveniently located but in a crowded area.. Clean hotel but not so clean surroundings.. At this price point you could get better options in the vicinity if the station, good eating joints (specially Sarvana Bhavan for their southern fare and Annapurna for authentic Bengali cuisine) and to get a feel of Chennai's underbelly then it makes sense to stay here.
Delightful stay. Staff very friendly. Lobby was great and rooms clean and comfortable. The breakfast buffet featured Indian dishes but there were omlettes cooked to order too.
Check in experience is very disappointing as only one staff at the reception and customers are kept waiting for the check in / payment and check out
Please don't suggest to anybody.
it wasn't too bad. but they have annoying wifi daily pass. Hot water wasn't available after 12am till morning.
The property was very nice with ol the facilities.. Food was awesome. Cleanliness was good. The staff and the hotel locality was excellent. Travel facilities was convenient.. Some problem were there due to language not an issue. Overall it was good.
It was just an Ok-Ok place to stay. I stayed there merely because my work place was bang opposite. Poor Service. Poor front office staff. Breakfast buffet was just OK. Nothing great about the hotel. Its an Old hotel. But neat. Good Toilets. Super slow elevator.
Nice stay, enjoyed one day visit, good breakfast was nice but less north Indian options, service OK but needs improvement, good hotel for business purpose, rooms are OK but needs slight renovation. But good trip.
The business club room which I stayed had all the amenities except for a non functional fridge. The room is smaller for all the amenities that is kept. The parking space is smaller. Thanks to the wallet parking there was no hassle, but definitely not owner friendly parking
It was a awesome hotel with nice interior & exterior along with artefacts of ancient time. Nice decorated lift. Very cleaned. Good services. Room has other facility like Bath tub, oven, & fridge. Will visit again if planned.
The hotel location is good! Food served was cold and pathetic! Staff response is very bad. Food served in the buffet was so bad that we could it eat. Even the soup was cold. I felt I wasted 800 rs for such kind of food. This is not the Ambica Hotel that once it used to be. Would recommend all to think twice before booking room in this hotel.
Compared to other hotels it's little bit to develop. We are looking for Low Price and all major Facilities in the Hotel. Food Concept is very worst compared to Residency, Accord, etc. Give some offer every month to attract the customers. Thanks.
Good I would like to stay next time also. I will suggest my and my company people to stay in this hotel. Good rooms. Nice breakfast. Good services by housekeeping and others and front office. Overall good.
The hotel is liked a ghost house. No ventilation and the AC isn't working they are old. Hotel not renovated except pasted a few laminate sheets and the food is bad. I have check out of the hotel just in a hour and moved to Park hotel in same place.
Very good hotel with nice ambiance and very good service... Food is very good... Rooms and serivce up to the mark.... Location is also good with all major nearby proximity... I will recommend this for all traveller... This is a good hotel for couple as well as single business traveller...
Good location but average food. Hotel should improve the quality of the food for the amount they are charging. From food perspective, is not value for money hotel. Apart from the food, it is a good hotel to stay.
I have booked this hotel during my travel to Chennai. Hotel looks quite and seriously need a revamp. In-room service was bad, with pathetic food making the experience worst. I will never opt for this hotel any more.
Good location. Near to metro station .. Forum mall .. Sarwana bhawan .. Murgan idli shop. Room size is good but food quality is just OK but not a wow thing.
Even though it has advantage of location, ambience and infrastructure it is lacking services required. I have to wait for more than fifteen minutes to check in. AC and TV of the room not working after requesting for three four time they shifted to another room after almost an hour. They needs to improve on services rest everything is good.
Customer specific service is the key to the staff. Breakfast spread was very wide and good. Staff was responsive. Smallest of needs were considered and issues fixed to satisfaction.
wifi was not working. Food qlty is not so good. i have become sick after eating it.
Air Conditioner not working, inspite of complaining about it staff did nothing to ensure I had a comfortable sleep at night. Pathetic service.
Overall it was good. The reception staff could be more accomodating
Fresh paint stink on the floor and in the room. Poorly made bed. No exhaust in the toilet. Toilet door did not close well and had a big gap which let the stink come into the room.
Stayed 1 night at hotel as we were in transition. Would not stay longer. Breakfast staff could be a little friendlier and accommodating.
Communication barrier Availability of TV channels (only Tamil channels available) Incorrect bill presentation Quality of food is way below basic standards.
I totally loved my stay here. Very good and clean rooms. Very friendly staff who speak Hindi. Reasonable price. Located on the main road and easy access to all places from here. Will recommend and stay here again during my next visit. Cheers :)
Though location of the hotel is not a posh area but it is on the main road and well connected. It's budget hotel, however good food, excellent service and always ready to help staff. I need to mention this particularly. I had to catch a morning flight. They serve breakfast post 7:30am but for me the arranged it at 7:00am. Effort well appreciated.
Nothing boutique about it. Pls do not believe on pictures ..................................... ...................................................................::.......:.:.::.......................... .......................................,,,................................................................
The stay was very good .....the hotel had a good location....very easy to reach over there it had a pleasent appearance..the behaviour of d people over there were very polite...the service was in time.....the food was very good...the rooms were well maintained spacious and clean
The stay was good and the hotel service was pretty satisfying. The food didn't taste that good though. And they could do more better regarding the food, rest all is really fine. I would stay at this place again if I'm in Chennai ever. So, I would conclude saying that the hotel is good
Great experience, especially helpful staff. The person at reception, Peter was really helpful and was flexible about timing in view of my exam tomorrow. Would recommend to anyone in view of value for money, location, good room and prompt service. In case you are a test taker at pro metric then this is the place for you to stay. Just across the street I took just 5 min to reach the center from here.
I have stayed at Hotel Brownstar on two occasions and will prefer it for the third time as well. Good hospitality, good food, good complimentary breakfast. Rooms are very neet and clean, linens are also very good. All Facilities surrounded by hotel and the place is very calm for a pleasant stay.
Brownstar Hotel is good staying in Chennai because it is placed middle of the Chennai city and atmosphere of the brown star hotel is best. The food is also hygienic, and the room service was very good. The Brownstar Hotel room has fully air conditioning rooms. Overall a good to stay here.
Excellent service by the staff. The rooms and bathrooms are exactly what you want. One thing that I definitely have to mention is the care they've taken in preparation of the food, the service and the quality. It is top notch. There were a lot of varieties available. If you visit Chennai, stay at this hotel and you will not be disappointed.
I stayed in this hotel with my company colleges on a 3 day visit to Chennai. Hotel is centrally located and It was a pleasant experience staying there. We all loved the hotel. The service is quick and your requests are attended promptly. The staff is very friendly.
We stayed at this hotel for a day during January. It is centrally located and having clean rooms and other amenities. It is a very good choice for business travellers. Food is ultimate. Staff are humble and service is good. Overall, a nice stay in Chennai.
We went to Chennai to attend a birthday function of my friend's kid. The hotel is so nice and the arrangements were completely owned by the hotel. They made the food tasty and also several fun activities for kids were arranged. Kids will love this hotel.
stayed there for a meeting at the centinal square which is just across the street...very convinient!
Good place to stay and within budget. Food is good especially the dosas. A must have. Rooms are good and well equipped. Staff was well behaved and cordial and ready to help. Food varieties were not much which is a bit disappointing. Otherwise a good place to stay in within budget.
it is a very good hotel and staying is very nice .food good.rooms are good and it is probably the best one in chennai.it is on the center of the city . its appearance is very breautiful ..............................................................
The hotel is ok if you have a lot of work and just return for the night. Accomodations are basic.
I had visited this hotel for official purpose. The hotel was located inside the city. The Wi-Fi facility was available in the hotel. The coffee maker was available in the rom. The food quality was nice in the hotel. The food was not value for money.
The staff are courteous, efficient and helpful. Amazing food and a wide variety of choices during breakfast. The only drawback is that the hotel is a little far off from the city centre but that can also work in your favour if a bit of quiet is your aim. The distance is worth it considering the comfortable stay.
I had visited this hotel for official trip. The appearance of the hotel was nice. Basic facility was provided in the room. All kind of food was provided. In the hotel activity was available.
Excellent hospitality. Professional staff. Easy check in and check out facility. Rooms were neatly maintained. Overall experience was awesome and would definitely recommend to people visiting Chennai.
Room service totally unsatisfactory, you can say worst, rest everything was normal. I stayed first time in this hotel with one of my professional. I love to stay in fortune pandiyan Madurai. Nirmal Goyal
Customer service is very bad, specially in the restaurant. I really don't recommend to stay. Indeed very bad experience. Reception argued to have a passport citing address proof. They did not accept a driver's license. Restaurant quality is very bad.
Fortune Select Palms is located in Thoraipakkam in the OMR road in Chennai IT corridor. A very decent hotel in nice locality. The Hotel is located very much on the IT highway. The hotel can be easily accessed through public transport as well. The rooms are neat and clean. Don't forget to ask the road side view rooms for better view.
It was very nice movement for staying at this hotel, the hotel was very nice as well the management, they received very well. After that we had great dinner and it was very nice food. The room was very neatly maintained and the atmosphere also very nice in the room. It was very nice experience.
Good hotel. Nice food especially. Courteous staff.
Spent one night at this hotel during a business travel. The room was large, very well equipped and clean. The package came with complimentary WiFi @ 512kbps. The buffet spread for both dinner and breakfast were quite elaborate with options satisfying every palette. I felt the service could have been a little more attentive. Overall this is a very good hotel for any business traveler to Chennai with work in the OMR vicinity.
I would say the best healthy breakfast I ever had and the GYM is also quite great. Great Service and folks at reception desk were very nice and helpful
This is the best hotel for me because its food and room is good and location is also good in night time.
Had been visited here with friends for weekend chillout. Food at hotel is so tasty and delicious especially we loved the South Indian food. Rooms are little small but clean and nice. Pool is smaller one, we enjoyed in pool for around 2 hours. Service staff are excellent in their job. Overall we enjoyed the sunday.
Website shows it to be a member ITC group hotel but they do not participate so one does not get any reward point on the ITC club membership. Overpriced.  Poor service. Requested for duvet cover instead of the thick blanket, got none. No iron in the room. Request for amenities like conditioner, loofah went unattended.
even though this was just a business trip, i really had a fantastic time as the hotel staff is extremely kind and courteous. they went out of the way to make our breakfasts and dinners memorable and were always there to help out for local travel advise.
Very nice and well maintained. Break fast was worthy. Slight improvement needed in bath Toilet.
The location was good as it was in front of our conference venue. But services were not satisfactory for value of money. Air conditioner was noisy could not even sleep at night. Even after complaining it was not repaired till we checked out. I was not satisfied with the services.
Its a small hotel with clean room, easily accessible to Chennai Trade center. Though rooms are not spacious but what else we can get for a small price very near to Chennai trade centre?. Front office staff was supportive and very quick responsive. Suitable for business stay and also for a visit for trade fairs. Overall its a small hotel with good facilities.
Good and cosy experience. Though the room was quite small. It was a drop by kind of a stay as I was visiting an exhibition just opposite the place where the hotel is located. A small but, clean corridor lead to the rooms. Bathroom was quite oldish, but to mention was at least clean for a quick freshen up as required.
I stayed here for 3 days. The hotel has amazing hospitality to provide to it's customers. I was really satisfied with the services of this hotel. The rooms were clean and well kept. The bathroom was nice and with proper sanitation facility. The hotel has nice and clean front office. The atmosphere was peaceful. The hotel has nice location and good appearance.
We went to Chennai for sightseeing with our family and stayed in Akash Inn as already my friend visited and stayed there. I was satisfied with the services provided. We had a very good time and the activities planned by the hotel staff were excellent. The food was really good, hygiene.
hotel is very good location, food & drink service is also average as compare any hotel near by. hospitality of hotel an average. transport connection also nearly attached. hotel environment is very safe. people working in hotel having nice attitude & co operative. parking facility of hotel also an average.
Akash Inn one of the best place in Chennai. So many of people like this hotel only. All facilities are available in this hotel. Foods are of very good taste. It's a good place to take a break or crash is your in town for a short visit, and you need a place that won't tear your pocket for the stay and you've come to enjoy the city life this is the place.
It's a good place to take a break or crash in, for a short stay. The hotel provides with all necessary facilities. Food is very good. The services are quite good. The weather is very pleasant and soothing.

this hotel is very good rooms are always so good receptionist are speak gently to me morning breakfast is also so good i like very much. water, wifi this are all so nice i staying this hotel i will enjoy fully hotel restaurant is also nice eeeeeeeeeeeee
It's a good place to take a break or crash, is your in town for a short visit, and you need a place that won't tear your pocket for the stay and you've come to enjoy the city life this is the place for you. If you’re travelling light and especially single good location and it's in proximity to good malls and food outlets and other fun stuff.
In my recent visit to my home town I was searching for nearby restaurant for home delivery, I found this ordered egg fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, naan and chicken kassa. The real problem was delivery, after many followup they delivered 1 hr 30 late though they said it would take only 20min good part was food tasted good Food 3.5/5 Service 2/5 VFM 4/5
I stayed there for three days. It is located in the city. Hotel location is good. Look wise, it is average. I went there for business purpose. Food was okay. Rooms were good. Services were satisfactory. Chennai is a beautiful place for visitors. I went there in January. WIFI facility was there. Food was below average. Fridge was not available in the room but AC and TV facilities were there.
Food was a disappointment, so also cleanliness of bathroom.
Fantastic experience 5 star rating. Location is good, but quality wise up to the mark... Traffic is high. Hotel location is good Travel facility and breakfast is very good. Staff cooperative. Nice ambience.
Location is good, but quality wise not up to the mark... Traffic is high. But hotel location is good. Travel facility and breakfast is very good. Staff cooperative. I will recommend to stay but price wise high.
The location of the Hotel is very good. Ideal from the airport. The ambience and the reception lobby is very attractive. The people are also very friendly and helpful. The room was excellent followed by commendable service. The food offered during the breakfast was found to be very good apart from the hygiene. Overall the feeling during the stay was very good.
Decent 3 star hotel at the heart of the city.. Location is superb.. Food is OK.. Standard rooms are small.. Cleanliness is also decent.. Overall, a very good budget hotel with prices being very reasonable.
Clean and neat rooms. Very comfortable stay. The reception was helpful and they provided extra care. Only found that their emergency exit through stairs needs to maintained and cleaned. Overall a decent place in this locality.
I had an amazing stay at the hotel, its best for Business travellers. Wehcbwec wciwelbc cifbiuweef
Nice & quiet place and still pretty much close to everything. Good friendly staff and neat rooms. Few modern luxuries missing - Kettle on the room, only 1 plug point - but not a spoiler. Decent breakfast. Will probably prefer to stay again. All this feels worth when the room costs Rs. 3000 after discounts from MMT. Best available rates at hotel seem to be higher.
The neat mid sized business hotel in a quiet residential area in Kilpauk. It is not attached to any chain or group the staff are OK. Breakfast was less than breakfast was not good though. There was no kettle or a tea/coffee sachets the were not complimentary for standard rooms was told. But if you're looking for a neat place and comfortable. Yes!
It's OK night officer guiding thought highest thought Highgate bigger things Chung chugging Chichester woman children Chicago guiding Chinese biggest builder Vikings things changed my insurance changed things la ago solamnu Susannah disk Susan suggestion
The hotel is kept clean. Staff are OK. Breakfast was less than ordinary. Hotel is located in kilpauk where it is difficult to find a nice hotel. The tariff was on a higher side. With the deal code it's useful.
Nice location, very peaceful stay. Neat, rooms good and service but wi-fi had to be activated every time. We needed to use breakfast was also good. On the whole we had a good stay but the buffet dinner at night could have been better with a little more verity.
Wi-fi not provided even after request. Sometimes in this hotel wi-fi will not works properly and the food was not so good, there is no South Indian food available and we can depend only on North Indian or other food.
The hotel is a fabulous property. All the services and amenities are quite proper. People are warm well coming. Overall a perfect blend of all the amenities Perfect for Business travel. Value for money. Food was Excellent. Nice amenities and comfortable check in and check out. Hotel is very clean.
First all staff were courteous and helpful. The check in process was smooth and efficient. Room service and house keeping was excellent. A few suggestions are that the hotel is aging and they could do with renovating the bath rooms.
Not as fancy as the name sounds, just value for money. Do not expect anything fancy,very basic rooms and not so great buffet breakfast.
excellent
I have been Chennei six times,this is the best hotel I have come across.Very friendly staff,helpful and make your stay very comfortable.Food is fine and service is good .The whole hotel is extremely clean and tidy at the very reasonable price for travelers .
for a 3 star, the hotel is good, but there is lot of scope for improvement.
OK hotel, quality and comfort of bed is horrible, can feel the spring below the bed.  Price paid through this website is too much for this type of hotels in Chennai.  Price could have been in par with other 3 stars hotel in Chennai city.
Puzzled to understand why the Hotel has chosen this Model. Puzzled to understand why the Hotel has chosen this Model. Guzzled to understand why the Hotel has chosen this Model.
I had the opportunity to stay at Katti-Ma for one night. One of the best hotel in Chennai. Friendly people around and available all the time for quick service. Buffet had lots of choices and it was yum. The room were clean and had all the basic amenities.
The hotel is good and value for money. The room was clean. AC, Wi-fi, TV and mini refrigerator were working properly. Food was also good. The hotel is also having gym facility. The staff was also very cooperative. Getting taxi on time is a bit difficult due to high traffic nearby.
The AC was not working well and after my repeated calling to the service desk they sent an mechanic to fix the issue after 20 mins. Then I would say the door locks are poor as even time in get in to my room I need to call the executive to bring a new card as the locker was not working well.
Location, pleasantness of the staff, cleanliness of room, quite AC and hot shower was available at all times are the plus of this hotel. Morning breakfast buffet was really good with instant and cordial service by the staff. Hotel bar service was really good and it's a value for money.
Location and hospitality of the hotel is good. This time AC worked perfectly in my room. Even though I have checked in very late but I am not able to extend my check-out time for half an hour. And also, breakfast was not good.
Well maintained. Good location... Buffet breakfast had a good spread. I would say it's a value for money deal. Options for dinner are also good. They have some options on the menu which are like home cooked food. Overall a 10 on 10.
Good one for staying. C
Nice to stay. Value for money. Good room service. Iwill ssuggest
Service is very slow, issues with toilet, booked a smoking room whereas they said there are no smoking rooms. Breakfast listed in menu but didn't deliver in the room. Staff comes and knocks every now and then for room cleaning. Asked for wake up call didn't get any. Don't try their biryani you will burn your tongue out.
Stay was good .. Clean room friendly staff .. Only thing to consider is if booking for double then amenities should be for two. Buffet is quite spread one .. Nice bar to experience .. Would surely visit again ...
Hotel was good. Room was convenient. Healthy breakfast provided especially mint dipped water. Neat ambience. Well behaved staff members. Room was spacious. Easy access to main centres. Located in residential area and the area was good. Overall good
It was all good front office deal n apperance and staff apperancewas also good, food, service and all was good. it was feeling like littel hot in waiting lobby otherwise all was good. Thanks.....
The rooms were bit to cramped, in room dining experience too was not good and the food served was over priced. I did not find it a value for money and would not recommend anyone for a stay in KEYS. I got attracted by the Brand "KEYS" and my experience was a let down.
Stay was fine. Can improve on food. Adgghhhhhhhhhjjjjjjjjjjjjkkllkjhhhhjjhjjjjjjjjjjjjjhhbbhjjjjj+jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjnnnnjjhggfgjjhgghhhhhhggghhggghhvgffgghhhhhgggggggggggggggg
Clean rooms, non intrusive staff, good breakfast. Good value for money.
Worst hotel! There was no room after the payment was made and confirmed and made us to wait for more than 3 hours to make a alternative! And this is not the 1st time by Key's... we are facing the same issue for 2nd time.
This nice little hotel is very close to Adyar, Thiruvanmiyur and the IT highway. The rooms are comfortable and the bathrooms clean. Wifi was patchy in my room but not in my friend's, so it varies. The staff are extremely helpful and very friendly. I'll stay there again.
The Hotel is close to the airport and has quick access if your work takes you to OMR road and vicinity. The staff is extremely polite and helpful. Do not expect to flag a auto from outside the hotel as the hotel is tucked away on the street. Thankfully Radio cabs can be easily booked and the hotel is easily located by the drivers.
I stayed for 3 weeks and was happily surprised by the service and eagerness to help of all the staff at Keys Katti Ma. The rooms are quite spacious and cleaned daily. The restaurant was good quality and reasonably priced with a buffet dinner on Thursday night that is very good.  The buffet breakfast is as good as the ones in some (supposedly) 5 star places. As a female traveller I found the experience quite safe, comfortable and home like.
This is essentially a budget hotel, however, the staff are friendly and helpful. My only complaint was that having specifically requested a non-smoking room, our room smelt very strongly of cigarettes, so we only spent one night there and decided to move on.
Wonderful staff, you can't beat this place for the price/
This hotel is good but basic accommodation. There are lots of good restaurants nearby, even on the same lane. Breakfast was basic Indian fare and toast, sometimes a hard boiled egg. They will give you one internet sign-in per person per day, which can be a headache if you have multiple devices. There is a very small gym with a treadmill, exercise bike and a hodgepodge of small dumbbells.
Not so great.  But it is still acceptable. Bit high for money wise.
Nice people and friendly staff. Lot of mosquito's in room and bathroom full of bugs.
Although I took single non AC room. It was not so comfortable. Bed was very compact. The room was clean and bathroom very hygiene. For value of money I can say it was satisfactory. There was nothing much to do with room service. The best part was even with such cheap rate room they have provided the breakfast. As breakfast was so.. Any how in such rate what you want more than that.
I like the environment and service Is also good. Staff behaviour is also fine But the food quality is not clean .. We found cockroch in Breakfast .. My Suggestion is don't eat foor inside restaurant.
Good had no issues while staying. Couldn't book the hotel next day for stay. Reception was very arrogant people. Good was costly. A single Pepsi cost around Rs 70. Cleaning of hotel room was good. Good altogether.
It is a good experience and the location is convenient for all works. People are very cordial. Rooms are neatly maintained. They helped me in even getting auto and in getting other information regarding my works. The hotel is found secured. Can stay with family.
Hotel Pandian is at an average location but nearby Egmore station so a good point to choose this hotel. Rooms are good and clean. Nearby area is ok, lots of option available around this hotel for food restaurant joints, having food at the hotel restaurant is a heavy cost to our pockets due to 20% tax payable on each food item.
Good value for money with very proactive staff. The location again excellent, just opposite to the Egmore railway station. The newly renovated bar is sexy and is very generous in offering snacks along with drinks. Overall, a good experience...
This place was a total value for money. A good breakfast buffet with some really friendly staff. The rooms were pretty clean too! Being right in the heart of the city it was closer to most of the city's attraction and transportation was easy.
Hotel location is really nice. All the public transport facilities are easily accessible from the hotel. Rooms were small but clean. However drawback is refrigerator is not provided in room. Food quality was good but still can be improved. Staff doesn't know other than local language so it is pathetic.
Breakfast was quite good. Restaurant Serves, ambience needs improvement. Linen was clean but stained. AC was not up to the mark. Advantage is all parts of Chennai are accessible by suburban trains buses autos taxis etc. From here.
I have booked this hotel for 3 days whereas immediately after check-in in the hotel on first day, then immediately I came out from the hotel. I did not stay back there. After coming from the hotel, I have again booked another hotel.
This hotel Location. Near by Egmore Railway station. So easy to access Travel for OLA. And Uber. And also train BAR. And Restaurant. Morning complimentary Break Fast. So Facilities OK. So value for money.
I often do travel many places in and around Andhra Pradesh/ Telangana/ Tamil Nadu. On 15th July I had a meeting in my Chennai branch office. Booked an executive non AC room / service was ok. Room was idle to stay good ventilation and the breakfast was average.
Good hotel. Nice stay clean rooms. Friendly staff. Five star rating to be given. Although the breakfast was served, quality not up to the mark. However Good restaurants are nearby available to meet our requirements.
The staff were very helpful & flexible, location is good, breakfast variety could have been better. Overall had a good experience. Receptionist was flexible with check-in and check out time. Staff was cooperative as well. The best part is that it is located near the railway station.
Good budget hotel. Very close to railway station. Cleanliness is good. For business people for hospital going people its very good. Air condition is good. Room service not bad. Front desk is brilliant. Simply saying neat stay.
Breakfast was Indian buffet style. Difficult to get simple black coffee and omelette. Restaurant manager not very pleasant or accommodating. Could do with a few lessons from bar staff who were great.
It is worth of money would recommend to every one I know Breakfast was good very Rooms were little small
I booked a king bed for my parents but when they arrived we got only standard double bed.Even after showing the booking confirmation the staff resisted on giving the king bed.
As you see the View of the hotel it is totally reverse, Breakfast is not at all good and overall feeling is not great, very small hotel.
The guy in the reception is pain in the neck and he was not helpful at all everything else is ok.
The staff at the reception was not friendly. This was a good hotel long time ago and the service and quality has drastically changed lately.
Since I am a train frnatic - - being close to Egmore Station was a plus - - - I spent many hours at the station - - enjoying trains coming and going, and people starting their travels!
Very unfriendly staff. Toilets are badly designed with no separate bathing area. Staff kept on saying as its a online booking many facilities were not available
Room comfort was ok. Bathroom needs improvement. Free breakfast was terrible. Coffee very bitter. No hair dryer for standard rooms. No toilet paper.
Pleasant Stay
Not a four star
We were pleasantly surprised to find this special hotel in the busy urban environment of Chennai. The staff were extremely attentive, assisting with luggage, answering questions, responding to concerns, etc. The hotel is also located very close to the airport, only about 2 km away, which was convenient in catching my flight out of India in a timely, relaxed manner.
I had a short stay and would rate my experience as average. The dish TV signal was not strong and went off. The free wi-fi was ok. Food in the restaurant was good!
Reached hotel to find it shares a common entrance with a crowded restaurant where you have to carry your luggage through a waiting crowd to reach an elevator. The hotel did not have the Expedia reservation. They apparently had not logged in for a few days. Finally got rooms assigned to find weird bathrooms where shower is not separate. You take a shower, you wet/flood the whole bathroom. This hotel is clearly not for any Western traveler.
Clean, all services provided, comfortable, close to airport.economical and good for the budget conscious family traveller.
Good hotel and good location with 24-hr check-out time but the price is still expensive. The breakfast was good quality. The hotel is newly constructed with new furnishings. But, the room size is very small for any extra bed. The daily rate for the hotel is very high for the facility and size of the room. The rate should be reduced to give better value for the money.
Shower Not functioning.So we are forced to bath with mug and bucket.Hotel staffs are not receptive to our complaints.They have not arranged pickup.They said, airport drop is free but the cab driver demanded Rs.100 extra and for that he argued rudely.So I paid Rs.100 extra to avoid quarrels with the driver.They don't have control over drivers.Rs.3200 for the room is not worth .
Great Hotel! Excellent.. Lives up to the star Rating..2 1/2 star
In transit and wouldn't have spent more time; apart from the free airport shuttle, nothing good to be mentioned. Bed blanket durty, corridor very Noisy, minimum service
As most people do we used this hotel for a 1 night stopover but it was not so nice for us. It is basic which is fine but it was also dirty and noisy. The shower was more of a drip and the staff are very persistent when waiting for their tips! On a postive note they did collect us and drop us at the airport but I would probably rather stay in the airport rather than this hotel.
We needed a hotel to stay in before our 4am flight, instead of hanging out at the airport. This hotel surprised us! they picked us up at the airport free of charge, the staff is very polite and very friendly, the room was very clean. the neighborhood wasn't the best but we were only there for less than 24 hours. We enjoyed our stay!
Not as expected..
It Was A Good Break For A Nap And Shower.
Close ti airport and they arrange for the pickups. It ,s plus point. They could have kept a small piece of bathing soap.
Clear, hotel staff very helpful, location good. Values for money. Overall good stay. USA consulate is just 150 meters away ideally best place to stay if you have any work at USA consulate. Overall satisfied with the stay.
All amenities were provided in the room. I had visited this hotel for official purpose. The hotel was located in the city. The room was neat and clean. The complimentary food was provided in the hotel. I would like to recommend this hotel for upcoming travellers.
A good lodge to stay. Very near to shopping and other commercial area. Staff were courteous. Available of transport to any where anytime. Rooms maintained very well. Cost wise, it is affordable let me wish the lodge all the best. Please keep it up and maintain. Try to visit again and again.
Worth the stay. Really good place and peaceful place to spend your weekend and holidays. Nice atmosphere and the kids will love the pool and the food is not that great. The rooms are clean and the wood work is just so good you don't want to leave this place.
Nice place for leisure... Good location, and peaceful... Kerala model rooms... Nice service.. Foods are bit costly... The rooms are good... Reception service is very good... Swimming pool and other facility are nice...
OK.. Worth the money. Awesome location near beach.. Food was costly.. If you want to have a date, perfect place to be with your loved one. They can do better service and regarding food, we ordered Naan and we got paratha which is silly thing and in bill they mention as Naan.
Good .. Worth the money. Awesome location near beach .. Food was costly .. BAr is excellent .. If you want to have a date, perfect place to be with your loved one ..
It was a pleasant stay. Such a peaceful location within the city. Nice place to hangout with friends. Swimming pool need to be maintained properly that's the only discomfort we felt beside it was a good stay.
The location good. The service good. The room good. Facilities are good Value for money. Cleanliness good. Swimming pool is kind of ok, not great. Restaurants and bar are good. Resort is not too big or too small. If you want to spend one day, it's ok not more than that.
No proper customer service, need improvement in handling customer. Food is average. Ambience is overall good but without customer handling it would waste, being curious to your customer for understanding their needs.
Good and pleasant environment. Feel like to again and again. And the service is very Nice .. We feel like we are in Kerala because of the trees. It's really good place for kids also . . Because play area is good. They are maintain the pool also good .. And the next most important thing is beach is very close to the resort ..
masssssssssssss nbhugtfuvhftytd6fyyfdd7t hjf7f878hioug7rb gvyf8hobuyyf7tb bgytiugyd7 tyd7ggyf7nngh8bn big8bhiguytvdttivyugoubig8ty89biugfvy7uygviub kjvyguf87h ihg89yhbufu8g khihgigytf8bhujc b8yg8biugt67g88u8 bug89t9g8yr8h ngyufuyyyg87guyfgt ygyugiguug
For the price paid, the room was excellent. Room service is very poor, I had to call a couple of times to even reach them on phone. Beach is like 100 mtrs away but it is nice to spend the evening there. The facility is well-maintained. Overall, good rooms at this price. Worth staying.
The guys at the reception and the room service are literally amazing, they are courteous and very helpful. The minus could be the rooms which are old and the time taken to serve food in the restaurant. Really you need patience. They will test your patience.
Compared to VGP Resorts and Maya kajal resorts, green meadows resort is much more worth in quality and price worth of staying within the city limits. But foods are very costly. 24 hours of staying will make sweet memories.
The actual hotel rooms are not as good as it shows in pics/website. Food (though limited options under complimentary breakfast) & the exteriors were good. The chlorine content in swimming pool was extremely high. Overall, the tariffs - rooms & food - are costly and not worth the high price.
The rooms are old and poor. No value for money, all food start at minimum Rs. 200 per dish. Will not taste good. Complementary breakfast very poor. Totally upset after my family trip. I screwed my family happiness because of taking them there. Not happy.
Very good location. Happy to stay there. Room was good, service is good, food is good but slight expensive. Swimming pool is very good. Easy to locate in google map. Deluxe room was very good and had a wonderful stay. Personally I liked the stay in Green Meadows and I will refer to my friends also. Thank you.
Not worth of the money we paid.worst ac.no water.no cleaning of rooms.
Though the property is good, it's approach road and the neighborhood is awful. If I open my window curtain, the neighborhood building people can peep into my room without any effort. Not very comfortable to stay with family
Room was clean and tidy. Staff were very friendly. 5 minute walk to railway station. Market and restaurants nearby. Just 1 minor issue asked for a towel and 2 of the staff didn't understand what I was asking for luckily I had my own for just such an issue.
Nice hotel with very friendly staff. Reasonable location.
The location of the resort is beautiful. It is serene despite being close to high-way, nice walk-ways, and a big size swimming pool than average, and great food, helpful staff. My only suggestion for the hotel would be to improve upon the cleanliness of bathrooms, and get newer fixtures in there.
Stayed at this property for the first time. Very impressive landscape, impeccable rooms, laced the breakfast spread and the courteous staff all the way. Highly recommended. Chalukya restaurant, Chaplin bar, indoor games and conference hall also nice.
Nice people at front office and also located near SEZ so is convenient to travel. Can improve a lot with little bit of more efforts. Overall it was a nice experience. Some improvements in sports room and snooker sticks should at least have tips attached to them. Recommended if you have to travel to SEZ area.
In front office Looks like very simple hotel. Rooms were good but needs to be maintain in periodic condition. Food service and restaurant people behave good mannerism. Swimming pool available. We not used. Many foreigners visiting this hotel. Parking facility separately available. Rooms placed in some distance from main highway. No disturbance or noise from highway.
Buffet breakfast is excellent and room is good, but not so good for a Club Premium room. Children enjoyed in the swimming pool and as there is no Mosquitoes we had a good sleep. Overall nice for one day outing with family. There is a leakage in the tap water, so expecting more cleanliness in the toilet and bedsheets.
Hospitality is lacking. Front desk in-charge wanted to check the online payment (made through Makemytrip). In-fact he does not approve the discount offered to me by Makemytrip initially. Then I made him understand about the deal. This is not the way a customer is treated in any hotel.
Very good location, excellent appearance. Very excellent room, service, front office, food & drinks. Activities and everything is for relaxing stay.
Greatttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Resort is situated on Bangalore Chennai highway, easily approachable front office people. Food was average. Only problem was that there was no geyser so had to wait for hot water which comes from solar. You need to inform front office people beforehand in order to get hot water early in the morning. Overall it was a good stay.
Last time I stayed in that particular resort, there was good locality and nature. Very good response from reception peoples. Foods are also very good totally am like that place. But rest room maintenance is not good.
There was no delay in check in and checkout. I was happy with the room but not so clean and all amenities were working. The bed sheets and towels were not clean. There was no view from the room. The food was taken from outside. I would not recommend this hotel to others. I was not happy with the money spent. The service quality was very poor and response was also poor.
As title suggests it is a good resort with all amenities eg, swimming pool, indoor games, yoga centre, ayurvedic therapy, good gardens spread all over. Rooms are good in size offering fresh air. Wi-Fi speed is not great but worked ok. Food is fine and overall, good hotel to stay if you want to stay outskirts of Chennai.
Hotel is situated at Sriperumbudur which takes almost 1 hour from Chennai airport. Hotel offers all resort facilities eg. indoor play, swimming pool, etc. One can stay & enjoy. Food quality is good although slightly expensive. WiFi speed is good. Recommended if you are ready to stay outside Chennai.
We stayed there for a while and attended a function in the party hall. Room was clean and the property was well maintained. Their party hall was also pretty decent. Will stay here again if travelling with family. Stayed December 2014, travelled with family
we wood like to say that your hotel is very good like house keeping and room service , maintenance all are like very beautiful, travel are available also very good, WIFI also available, we will plan to come next year also. almost we are very happy to say good our family, Chinese and Japanese food also available and massage also available.

The hotel is located very conveniently with a variety of eateries around. The staff were extremely considerate and well mannered. The rooms were well kept and the staff well groomed. A wonderful experience on the whole.
Feels like you are in a home and it's relaxing. Rooms are comfortable though not luxurious or modern. Pleasant and friendly staff. Food is like home cooked without too many colours and additives. But lunch and dinner has to be ordered a few hours in advance.
Homely feel, secure and lot of care. Staff very friendly, warm and helpful. The location can not termed the best in the City. Don't feel like Outside stay. Food by order is just like out of our home kitchen. Overall Hanu Reddy is home away from home.
Good to stay for a short trip. Awesome location will come back again to stay. Good staff to assist in all forms of support. Will recommend by business associates and friends to stay in Hanu Reddy Poes Garden.
Awesome place and very good staff who takes utmost care with love. The place is very clean and makes you feel very homely. The food is very clean with very less oil. Anyone coming for medical issues can find this place very useful as Apollo Hospital is just stone throw away distance from the place and because of the cleanliness you can prefer this.
Generally good with courteous and helpful staff. However the bathroom sink was cracked. Also the water supply ran out on our penultimate day, though it was restored within half an hour of our complaint. The food cooked to order was simple and excellent as was the included breakfast. Overall, I would rate the place favourably.
I visited Hannu Residency in December 2015. The hotel was a great value for the money and is well connected. The rooms are spacious, clean and have a homely ambience. Great complimentary breakfast, helpful staff and decent room service were the highlights.
We enjoyed our stay at Hanu Reddy Residences Wallace Garden, it was clean and comfortable. Good wifi and excellent food, the area was nice to walk around and we felt safe at night, great complimentary breakfast, and the staff were very helpful and did not charge up on taxis, I would stay there again.
Very good location. Despite its proximity to the busiest part of the city there was barely any noise around. Easy to travel around Chennai from this property. Can't rate the food because I didn't try it. Rooms were spacious and neat and captures the character of the city in its styling.
Excellent service, location and food. Good value for money. We went for medical purpose in Apollo and the hotel is just 2 min walking distance. The hotel is very homely and food is also homely and good in taste. The location is also good. In the evening we got some time an found some decent mall, restaurants are in walk-able distance.
Food is the highlight of this hotel. I would call this place more of a guest house than a hotel. Service is excellent & feels like homely most of the times. Location is quite strategic & very close to the CM's House. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who frequently comes to Chennai.
Hotel is very nice with nice location we visited this hotel by our own vehicle, the hotel is very easy to locate as the hotel is on main road. Appearance of this hotel is awesome and interiors are also cool. Food and drinks are delicious, housekeeping service is also great and helpful. Hotel is in between many trees so the atmosphere is also pleasant.
the whole experience was gud,except for the food.the view was mesmerizing and the room was tidy,overall gud experience.it is in the heart of the town and nearby to the busstand,nonveg wasntWe booked the room before leaving from , chennai but they are not given that room they given normal to us and tell us stay up to evening will shift after that .
Everything goes so Perfect... I don't. Need to recall it. Nice reception nice room nice food and staff also cooperated. But locality not so good. Rest all was perfect. Near station its best at this rate.
The overall experience was very good. The hotel is clean, near the station and market. The breakfast is nice. Staff cooperative. The restaurant serves very good food, only improvement that can be suggested is different kitchens for VEG-Non VEG. The hotel is good for families also.
Stayed here for just 1 night on a work trip to Chennai. The room is big and well done and the service matched the elegance of the hotel. I appreciated them going beyond what could normally be expected.
Very close to railway station. Nice hospitality. Easy to approach shopping malls. Staff very kind. Food was excellent. Complimentary breakfast very good. Next visit prefer to stay in same hotel, nice location. Room maintained well.
Hotel is good. But service has to be improved. Lot of waiting in between order and delivery time. Window view is ugly. Breakfast buffet style is appreciated. Taxi service should be provided in reasonable cost.
The room was clean and the service provided by them was up to the mark but the surrounding area has a lot of beggars sitting nearby which kind of irritates a person. Breakfast is included in the meal. Slippers were not provided by them which must be given by them.
Good experience nice facilities good service. G
I had been there third times. It is good hotel, friendly staff and good value money. I want suggest one thing please serve complimentary breakfast in room if guest is not comfortable there. Actually restaurant has not enough place. Otherwise excellent experience.
Enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Everything was perfect and to my complete satisfaction. Room was spacious and clean. Breakfast was OK and variety need to be looked at again. Excellent location. Very close to the Chennai central railway station.
Good. Enjoyed the stay and food. Can be reached in minutes from station. Nice reception. The employees were really good and wanting to do the needful. I enjoyed the buffet breakfast. The room was spacious. Thank you MMT.
Excellent Rooms, Excellent Breakfast ... Cooperative Staff ... Can be visited .. In the heart of the city convenient in all aspects
It was a pleasant stay at this hotel as it was close to. Park station where I had to travel by train everyday to Thiruvanmiyur for my course. I had a good time in this hotel and found to be decent in cleanliness and service. Location is the midst important aspect as it was close to the station.
I had stay for 3 days. And I love to stay more. Their service is excellent. Specially their breakfast.. I love it. Its so delicious. Their cleanliness is also superb. I suggest people should stay there.
Very nice to stay over in this hotel ... Clean and good ... Little have to improve room cleaning and rest room facilities ... Atmosphere was good .. Keep it up
Very nice hotel. Had a lively time. Breakfast was nice. All together a very nice pleasant stay. Need to update in Google maps the exact location of the hotel.
Overall stay was nice. However beware of the travel agents who sit in the lobby. They charge you crazy rates for taxis.
There is constant silent music playing in the hallways (My Heart Will Go On from \"Titanic\") and it is pure h3ll for those who do not like Celine Dion. Otherwise it was nice enough hotel. Some rooms do not have windows (or ventilation) and are to be avoided at all costs.
WORST HOTEL EVER.NEVER EVER BOOK THIS HOTEL AT ANY COST. NO MATTER KILLER DEALS YOU GET. ITS WORSE THAN A RAILWAY STATION OR PUBLIC TOILET. WE CAN STAY IN THE STATION BENCHES INSTEAD. DIRTY TOWELS, DIRTY WASHBASINS, DIRTY BEDSPREADS, WORST EXPERIENCE IN CHENNAI EVER
Well managed hotel, good wi-fi coverage, comfy mattresses and decent quality room, restaurant a little on the small side but you only spend minimal time in there. Overall a good quality 7 night stay.
very bad hotel though nearer to railway station. the ac's will run like a air cooler. there is no hot water service. the complimentary break fast is very very bad. PLEASE DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL AT ANY COST.
My room looked exactly like the picture. Over all, it is an excellent value for the money. I will definately revisit the Pearl. The staff was friendly and helpful. If you are there to shop, ask the staff what auto prices range from one shopping area to another. I found their suggestions very helpful.
Hotel was good. but there was no good parking place nearby. food was affordable and very good.
Decent hotel in the old part of the city. The area is noisy, so depending on the location of your room, you ll wake up earlier than expected in the morning. The room was clean and staff was nice. But dont expect too much help from the travel agent in the lobby.  Breackfast was included, indian and some continental items.  We were a group of six foreigners and we spent two nights in the hotel.  It was just OK.
A good place to stay with all amenities. Service, location, the room and cleanliness was good and very well maintained. Beach and airport is also reachable from the hotel.
Hotel is located at a the Mount Rd. Which is the heart of chennai, many of the important places are very near thought like US consulate, Marina beach etc. Even though the first impression of the hotel won't meet your expectation. Stay is definitely the best you have for the within your budget.
I stayed in this Hotel Planet Mount with my family. The appearance of the hotel was good. The food quality of the hotel was good. The service of the hotel staff was very good. I will recommend this hotel to other travellers. The hotel room was very spacious, neat and comfortable and was provided with all amenities. The location was at the city centre and easy to find. Parking facility was average. There were no activities at the hotel.
Visited hotel for US visa purpose,the location of the hotel is convenient and appearance of the hotel was quite pleasing.The rooms should have been neater.The hotel is one of the economical options available.The staff is courteous.The hotel restaurant is average.The hotel rooms are cleaned everyday
I stayed there for a day and for the price I paid it was decent. Good and helpful staff, cleam rooms and bathrooms, food was good too. The location is good as it is in the arterial road of Chennai - Anna salai and had easy mode of transport from there. Decent stay.
I stay here for office work and find it is good budget hotel and nearby to many central places such as Mount road, T Nagar etc which are shopping places. Service and cleanliness is very good including food quality. Shall recommend to my friends. They provide other assistance such as taxi for site seeing and have good room facilities.
The hotel was good in overall services and facilities. The location of the hotel is convenient and appearance of the hotel was quite pleasing. The room allotted to me was spacious and maintained neatly with essential comforts. The food provided by the hotel was very nice in quality and taste. My stay was comfortable considering facilities and I would recommend this hotel to other travellers as well since the price is reasonable and is worth it.
Mall and commercial building beside the hotel
I would like to comment how pleased I was with the service provided to me and when I stayed in Planet Mount Hotel, Chennai. During my recent trip I was fortunate enough to stay at Planet Mount Hotel. The staffs are generally friendly and very helping. The rooms are very nice and clean, food is ok. If I visit next time in Chennai I will definitely go head with Planet Mount. Thank You Mathew Joy
It is very comfortable hotel to stay in planet mount .I felt very happy with my family and kids also.i suggest to my friends to stay in this hotel only.
Spacious and clean room. Food is very good and is reasonably priced. The resort is very quiet and pleasant with a lot of greenery. Lokesh from In Room Dining was good and prompt. Front desk staff and manager is very friendly. Best place to unwind near Chennai.
It was value for the money.. Had a pleasant stay there. It was pretty good a for that cost. The location was also good. My overall, stay was satisfactory. They provided us a good breakfast. The menu was also good.
Have't used much amenities as I was on official trip but had serious concerns with TV channels. Only regional channels or English channels were listed. Got bored but no other good hotel nearby and neither can experienced any change since last 2 years. Staff was friendly but difficult to reach in terms of getting vehicle to reach other locations within hotel.
The pleasant stay in Chennai was easy to locate and the surrounding was good. The hotel interior was good. The room were spacious and comfortable and there was no view. The amenities provided to us were in working condition. The food provided was delicious and good. There was no problem in check-in or check-out. The experience in this hotel was good and can be recommended to others.
Visited this hotel with my friends for chillout. It was very good and enjoyment. Rooms are spacious with all facilities like ac, tv and wifi. Hotel consists of gym, swimming pool, wherein we had lot of fun. coming to food part, especially south Indian dishs are fine.
The hotel is located near to Queens Land Ponnamalle though the place is quite far from Chennai city, it is having a good conference and meeting hotel with a sizable capacity. The guest coming for the week end stay with kids can go to the next campus Queensland Theme park and near to the Hotel another theme park EVP is located. The hotel is very spacious and the guest can go for a comfortable walking in the evening.
The Pleasant Days hotel is located within city limits and reaching there is not a big issue. It has all the amenities of a good and decent hotel should have. The food is fine (south Indian especially). The centre of attraction is the queens land amusement park which is a must to visit. The hotel has a swimming pool and Wi-Fi facilities.
Resort located very outside of Chennai on Bangalore highway. A peaceful ambiance with the good. For cottage room Internal there is a scope for modernization. Apart from Swimming pool a scope for indoor games. Food quality is good but lot more North Indian food can be added.
This hotel stay was nice. It was a business trip. The rooms were neat and clean. The pillows and bedsheets were clean and good. The appearance of the hotel was good. The inside and outside look was good. It was near to the Chennai National Highway. The swimming pool was there and no other activity. I surely recommend this hotel to others. No suggestion for improvement and everything was good.
Chennai, the capital city of Tamil Nadu, is located at the North east of the state. Apart from being a major district, this metropolis also serves as the gateway of South India. Chennai is a culturally developed city replete with centres of Carnatic Music and cultural events. My Favt. Food is Idly and vada.
nice place to spend time with family, excellent for family holiday
its fine to visit & staying providing good atmosphere really its gives me pleasant and peace full when i had stayed.
AC of the room was not working at 38 Degree Centigrade. Hotel staff was no even ready to acknowledge it. After a lot of persuasion my room was changed.
Lived up to its good reviews. Small but cosy, clean & comfortable.  Staff helpful & courteous.
Reasonably priced, clean and comfortable. Helpful staff. Perfect location for early flight.
The staff were really friendly and helpful when we arrived. The room was clean and comfortable for the price. The restaurant they recommended around the corner was great. We would happily stay again.
Friendly and very helpful staff, clean room, close to airport.
It is good place to stay management  Of the hotel is very helpfull
Over all, the stay was comfortable and good
Good location. Walkable distance to good eateries including south indian food, dominos, petrol pump and atms
Great value for money. I was a bit skeptical given that other options in the airport neighborhood were 2x more expensive compared to this place. However, I had a great experience and the value for money was exceptional.  I totally recommend this place to anyone who doesn't want to pay the chain hotel prices but want to stay closer to airport.
Friendly and helpful and honest hotel people. Owner Mr. Selva a great and helpful man. Henry such a helpful and friendly guy.
Cheap hotel near Chennai airport, but the locality is not so good. The staff was good and helpful. There was no complimentary breakfast even though it was in the deal. The room was ok, no so good. But considering the cost it is ok. I struggled a little bit to find the place also no good restaurants nearby.
Excellent and worth it! Our stay at pp residency was memorable. The staff were humble and provided excellent room service. The food there was tasty and economical, even though I am from North India but the food caters to people across India and not just provide South Indian food.
It is a very nice place. Room is very peace, clean and very large. Food is very good. Staff is very co-operative mind. Car parking is very good for who are coming from outside. It is homely atmosphere. All type of food they can arrange for their guests.
There was no WiFi and TV connection available though it was mentioned all facilities are available while booking. No proper response from staffs too. AC was making lot of noise.
awesome stay..only set back was the wi-fi connection....was slow...
Excellent hotel. Will recommend to friends.
Reception delayed my check-in with so many formalities and slow at attending.Otherwise it is okay.
The stay was good but had to follow up multiple times for getting the room service. Even after calling 3 times I did not get the same.
Very bad staff, communicate with customers very root n shout...plz don't choose this hotel. Really worst and waste with that kind of tariff...even cheap 1 star hotel staffs are more discipline n respect customers very well... Plz clarify all of ur mistakes n try to do well otherwise it will become worst n worst until close ur business.
Hotel was comfortable.  Location sucked and I would not recommend Benzz Park.
very comfortable/ nice breakfast spread/good ambience
The food quality is not par with the charges they levy, it is quite expensive but quality is average.
enjoyed the stay without any major issues which will set off our mood
The so-called hotel is actually a service apartment. THE ROOM ALLOTED TO US WAS SO SMALL THAT IT WAS DIFFICULT TO MOVE AROUND THE BED. THERE WAS NO PROVISION TO MAKE TEA/COFFEE IN THE ROOM. THE APPROACH TO THE APARTMENT AND THE SO-CALLED RECEPTION AREA (!) DO NOT GIVE A WELCOME APPEARENCE AND NEED A LOT OF IMPROVEMENT.
The food service was very good. However the lift would never come to the ground floor, we needed to ask someone to get it switched on. facilities in the room were basic- wifi too slow and weak, television with limited channels, the common corridor was full of mosquitoes. unable to call guests for a short discussion.  The service staff are very flexible with check in and out times.
The appearance of the hotel was good. The allotted room was good in the hotel. The service of the hotel was good. All amenities were available in working condition in the room. The restaurant was available in the hotel. I was satisfied with this hotel service.
Its in heart of Chennai very easily reachable to different offices from here. Cheap and best. Staff are very good. You can enjoy staying here. Besant nagar beach is in walkable distance from here so you can also enjoy the leisure period here.

There is a polite response from room boy and Manager. Each and every one take care of the customers. No words can evaluate this hotel. There a peaceful location for accommodation. I have stayed in last one year, it will be perfect than other hotels.
The hotel is very nice and the tariff is also affordable. WiFi has good speed, only thing is that there is a temple nearby and they have a loudspeaker in front the hotel and there is a lot of noise it's very irritating. They play at wrong times sometimes late night it just disturbs a lot.
Though the location of the hotel is a congested one, the rooms were neat & clean. Rooms were good though pretty small. Tariff is too high- Single Ac more than 1500 for such features. Very small car parking for just 1 or 2 cars. Car parking should be developed & rates should be lowered to make more guests like this hotel. Also there is one or no service boys at times.
Hotel is good with AC and WiFi. Staff in the hotel are very cooperative but food served in the hotel was not good. They don't have their own restaurant, they brought it from somewhere nearby. Location wise its near to Marina Beach. Finding the hotel is a bit difficult as the landmark nearby is not sufficient. Average hotel for average price.
Courteous front office staff,room service was quick and fast,overall good staff behaviour..
Average stay
overall a pleasant stay
This is the only nearest Hotel from airport, This was my 3rd visit to hotel, maintenance is very poor they never improved till now. Food is better there & they provide a complimentary Airport drop. Hope they improve the cleanliness & service as early as possible
Bathrooms are very poor needs upgrade and cleanliness should be improved. Towels must be more better and they must manage to keep mosquitoes away. Overall room interior was too poor against the base rate they charge. They need to improve their breakfast menu. Too small only one fruit and juice is too less.
I stayed one night in Hotel Mount Manor because this hotel is near airport, this hotel perfect for 1 or 2 night stay for singles, hotel having pick and drop facility from airport. Food was not good and tasty break fast is good, lot of improvement required in food. Staff so good and service so good.
Mosquitoes, smelly, no hot water, the blankets seem to be somebody used it already used, with hairs and marks on them, it was a bizarre night for use when we arrived at 9PM, to leave by 3am for an early morning flight, it is a good experience not get carried away when makemytrip advertises it as 3star hotel, and with nice pictures.
Not a good VALUE for money. Will not prefer it again. Location is OK but other facilities are below expectations. Congested rooms, low quality of food, even while checking out, it took 30 minutes to clear food bills. Could be better maintained.
Very bad maintenance, especially bathroom was stinking. Beds were not clean. Not at all worth for 2400 rs. Very congested rooms and reception was also equally bad. Not concerned on service. No complementary water bottles also. Not drop to airport is the good thing about this hotel.
Great location but facilities not up to expectations. AC not working washroom and shower lacking in quality and cleanliness the service desk not prompt in acknowledging booking. Overall cleanliness and hygiene lacking no clarity on airport drop not value for the money charged.
Stayed here twice since, we had done a bundle booking on makemytrip. Bad service, we had asked for pick-up and both the times in spite of constant reminders the drivers failed to show up in time if this is what they mean by "FREE" they should not advertise it.
It was a decent hotel and which is near to airport. The airport drop service has good. Rooms are not so clean but its okay to manage for a one day stay and good service. The staff are good supportive and helpful. Overall its worth for the money.
Rooms allotted to me in this hotel was poor quality unhygenic. Air conditioning system noisy and poorly maintained that's why unable to sleep in the night. I am requesting make my trip do not advise this hotel to any of your site users. Lodge and guest houses are better than this hotel ...
Good and comfortable stay good service courteous staff. Print pickup from airport good food. Nice. Strongly recommend good budget hotel Nice stay. Will visit again if I stay in Chennai will stay at manor
Hotel location is good, it's very near to airport, airport pickup & drop facility gives invitation to come again & again. It's a great gesture by the hotel. Staff is very cooperative & food quality was very good. I will try to stay in this property in future also.
Rooms are below average considering the tariff. Cleanliness is of poor quality. Bed sheets have some smells. No tea/coffee maker in room. Even not a single bottle of mineral water was provided. Wi-Fi connection was OK. Airport drop facility was provided.
Location is great. The rooms are small but cosy. In my opinion, they are little over priced. The free breakfast is good. They do provide complimentary pick-up and drop from the Airport, which is less than 4 km from Hotel Mount Manor. I traveled on business and stayed here for 3 nights.
They was providing me a uncleanliness room! Tht room was not good! AC also not working! Staff was pathetic, water bottle also not in my room! Request you to please provide Nice service and room! Also repair all rooms AC
Ok for one night on your own. Friendly staff but rooms can be better.
No toilet paper, one towel for 2 people, rattling air conditioning, probably the noisiest in the world.
My Stay was brief, but the proximity to the Airport & to the Radissons was good & I had no regrets staying her.
Ideal if you want to stay close to the airport . Nice staff and small but effecient rooms .however nothing much to write about on locality. I happened to stay when the mrt work was being carried out hence it was dust plus noise . However would rate it good for proximity to airport and access to city.
This was 1st experience with Hotel, staff of Hotel Member is cooperative and provide me best service there is nothing faces trouble during stay
This hotel is on the fifth floor of a big shopping mall. Very noisy main road. 24hrs traffic noise and pollution. when the mall is closed between 10pm and 10am the elevators don't work so going up to the room is a large effort.
I booked hotels past month via Holidayiq. Skywalk hotel is in a very good condition and we had a new experience with this hotel. Especially room decoration, food and service is better than other hotels. We saved the money by using Holidayiq for booking hotels. Overall rating is 4.5 out of 5.
I visited this hotel 2 times and I always want to go to this hotel when I visit Chennai. Food service is very nice and delicious, all staff are good behaviour and talk good. My friends are happy staying in this hotel and I will visit again.
The hotel was not worth the money value, access was not easy from the parking lot, bathrooms were rusty with salt sediments everywhere and the worst part was the wc not cleaned. Breakfast was 2 slices of bread..
Good location. All amenities were good. Good cleaning and giving a good service. Good communication staff appreciable. It located very good junction. From here all types of transportation available. We are very much satisfied.
Not worth for money. It s good and easily accessible but not worth for money wat we spend, since its emergency i dont want to take risk so i booked this hotel. Some better hotel with good amenities are there for this price. Dont go for this hotel.
Rooms are good except with the service. The service at the reception is badly handled and harsh. They speak contrary at time of booking and while occupying the room. Myself and my wife booked multiple rooms for an occasion. It was an very average stay and i feel the price was on the higher side. very old building. it was looking like mansion and all the common area lights were switched off.
Positive first with Very Good Ambiance, Staff and Service.  Rooms are very congested and hotel location is an issue.  Also, for a night stay it is bit expensive.  Parking is a Constraint!
I picked this hotel for my parents who were attending their US visa interview at Chennai. This hotel is very close to US Consulate and very easy to locate. The staff was very responsive right from the beginning, and responded my questions in a timely manner. My parents had a nice stay and they gave positive feedback about the hotel staff.
Nice overall. Friendly staffs. 45 mins from the airport
Really not good. Surprised to see cockroach on the bed. Complimentary breakfast was served as packed food. Only one device per person can be connected to wi-fi.
Close to my business place
Most comfortable and it most nearer to US CONSULATE.I WILL RECOMMEND to my Friends for comfortable stay.
Very bad room facilities nothing was working like lift wifi AC TV bathroom commode Es not flush properly towels were bad pillow covers were not fresh felt disgusted and vacated the room and booked a new room in a different hotel nearbuy
Stay was comfortable and the hotel staff was courteous. Hotel was budget friendly and was the center place for most of the places.
We stayed there for 11 nights. Mainly we go out in the day and only come back at night to sleep. The bed was comfortable. Breakfast was great. Staff's were friendly and helped us on any queries. Easy to get auto transportation.
They are in a prime location... They could maintain it well. Stay wasn't that hygenic, breakfast was part of fee but wasn't there... If you ask, they have a reason...
Good one to stay. My parents loved it. They had a comfortable stay. Would recommend this hotel.
Hotel is well located and well connected. Its only 25 to 30 minutes from hotel to airport. Complimentary breakfast is also good. Room is neat and maintained cleanly. Room service is excellent. For shopping we may need to travel around 1. 5 KM.
Overall hotel is maintained well. Reception personnel were good in dealing with customer. But the room allotted was quite smaller with limited mobility options & small TV & felt as if jailed, for the price paid room allotted was below average value for money.
Overall... It's a good experience to stay in Grand Residence... Rooms are maintained well and the facilities are good. I have to say very big thanks to the Hotel Manager for his great help to reach Airport on time. Keep it up... Grand Residence.. If I require accommodation near Porur certainly, you will be the choice.
Stay in this hotel because of my tavel plan convenient. Stay in this hotel was good. Hotel staff is friendly Breakfast was good. Food qualiry is also good. Good for short stay. In surrounding lot of taffic and noise. WiFi connection was average.
Landed here on a business trip, got good offer via Makemytrip. Facilities are good and location is also nice, nicely maintained, staff are also friendly, variety of food slightly less and food taste was average to good.
Booked via makemytrip....Value for money in the area.............. ............................................................................................................................................
No water logging even when Chennai was in flood. Power was there when no power was there in the city. Food was there when there was paucity of food. Overall good. Overall services was good. Customer satisfaction is there. A place where you can relax. Good story books for readers.
Nice place to stay with family with safty...they provide good service with reasonable price.. ............
Located on a busy road. Good for a day or 2. Rooms are quite small compared to the images shown. But pretty decent for a quick stay to freshen up. Hospitality is quite ok. Otherwise seems to be a nice stay
Thought the hotel does not look so grand on the outside. It has got a retro look. Its service is good and also the facilities are good. Like swimming pool, gym, restaurant and buffet breakfast. Totally good value for money.
Ok for a quick stay. No hot water but otherwise the room was ok for the price.
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Check-in as per the confirmation was at 12 pm, where as my requirement was at 8 am. Initially they refused, but after talking to their GM, he approved as special case and informed that hereafter, if you need early check-in, you have to book directly with the hotel. Also, AC was poor.
Hotel was getting renovated when I happened to stay at this place!! AC in the room was not working and I had to shift to other room and even there the AC was not working. The staff and service was also not that great. I would not recommend this place for stay as there are better options available.
Hotel Staff Very Friendly,  They even opened workout room early for me.  One of the treadmills was broken.  Good Business Class room.  Nice up stairs restaurant.  everything seems just kind of dark.  being dark leaves me with the impression things are dingy.  breakfast was ok, they made omlets to order
Good hotel in its locality. Hotel is in crowded area. Food is good. Suitable for frequent travellers.
it was just transits for a night
this was the worst stay of my life. 1st time disappointed with Hotels.com recommendation. This hotels should have been rates 2 star not 4 star.
The overall experience was good. The restaurant was nice.
It was ok, but would not prefer it if have an alternative.
the hotel rooms are old fashioned and average. there are better options in this price range
The room was clean but without windows and dark. Desk staff (particularly one person) was unhelpful and rude. I wouldn't stay here again.
Nice Front office management,Great Concierge services.Nearby to airport.
Expedia must remove this hotel asap from their list. Because of this terrible I now don't trust expedia as well !!!
The stay was short for a night only. This hotel is closer to Chennai airport and he hotel has the facility of pick up and drop. All the staff is friendly. However, it does not have any dining facility; but food can be arranged from hotel. It has a tie up with a restaurant. Good for overnight stay.
hotel has been made Good but they have not been maintaining as it should be, Taps are leaking, lights are broken, no blankets on bed, Glasses are broken etc Room service & house keeping not attended very bad
We enjoyed stay with family in this hotel. This hotel is best value for money & in facilities. Breakfast was too awesome. Cleanliness if this hotel was great. No dirt. Very maintain hotel in Chennai..
Worst hotel without any cleanliness & worst maintenance. No neatness & no hot water. Never recommend to any friends and families. Its like a lodge with very dim lighting. It seems hotel in closing stage with poor maintenance
Its a nice stay at checkers. Value for money and got a good discount from make my trip. It is sure I wish to stay again in this hotel. Breakfast is also very nice. The location also very near to airport and communication facility is also good.
An overall good feel and affordable too. Nice, helpful staff. Comfortable rooms,. but not maintained that well.A little care and maintainence and the hotel can regain its old glory easily
Frequent power cuts, issues with washroom, had to walk 8 floors down
The hotel was booked with free breakfast but they denied.
However the service of one staff was not satisfactory. I had negotiated the auto rickshaw rate to 100 and the staff spoke to the rickshaw driver and increased price to 150. .. sad the staff was deceiving.
Can think of stay here. Food is OK. Rooms are old but manageable in this rate
This is one of the worst hotel in the world.
The Checkers hotel is nice but we had a problem with food, after 11 PM in you won't get food and after 10 AM breakfast will not be available :(
Stay is good but,In Bathroom Water is coming back. No coffee kettle.
It was really a lucky sort of feeling to book such a good hotel at low price. It excelled in all aspects. It was really a good hotel providing all type of facilities with ease. The service was also good.
Hotel location is quite good it not showing any advertising on the road. Staff are good and helpful they also have travel agency for Tirupati darshan. Room service are good over all I will give 3 out of 5.
There is no facility of room service even they have no canteen to provide at least a cup of tea. Every time you have to pay and they will arrange the tea as well as mineral water bottle. But make my trip is very clear and good.
Very dirty room with full of bed bugs and insects left room . checked into different hotel don't know how make my trip gives recommend for this type of hotel disappointed a lot and will never book this hotel again.
The room is worthy for the rate, you can check in at any time, people are always awake in reception, they guide you well. Only draw back is it is AC, but it has free Wi-Fi connection.
Awesome I liked the neatness and maintenance. Facilities reasonable prices. Overall it is good happy to visit Samudra.. Sure if I have chance I will check in to Samudra again for giving comfortable accommodation.
Very good staff and very good facilities in hotel. all clean and near about 2 min walk distance in railway station. hotel is very clean and good working AC and tv. Next time sure stay hotel.
Its an average hotel. So if you are looking for business trip. Its OK. I paid rs 620 and I feel its worth the money.
I stayed in Hotel Samudra Residency. The hotel room is looking good and cleaning also superb. Very near by railway station. This is economy and nice. I stayed in two days. Food facility is a problem. Nearby hotels not hygienic food.
The hotel is located within 1 km of Chennai Central Station. But the area is very congested. The size of the AC Deluxe Room was small. There was no restaurant. The room service was average. The hotel is not ideal for staying with the family.
Value for money and quite pleasant stay. WiFi was good. Location is great near to Chennai central just walking distance. Room service is somewhat poor. Food is also quite costly. But overall its a value for money and you will enjoy the stay.
I stayed in this hotel for 1 day with my family. Hotel room was good but not so cleaned. At first floor rooms, there was Mobile network problem. Also WiFi not working in rooms. Bathroom was clean but not much good. Staff were helpful. But in this price range of hotel, it was a good stay.
Not up to the mark .. Service is very poor. Not recommended. Allowed alcoholic people beside family section which is very disgusting
I really happy
The hotel is near to the Chennai central railway station, with good facilities and value for the money with very good location at the city centre, we stay here with the best fine stay at the Chennai. The hotel experience is good with all the facilities.
The activity was not conducted at the hotel. The hotel location was good. I would suggest this hotel to provide activity in the hotel. The food quality and quantity was good in the hotel. I had visited this hotel for official purpose. The Wi-Fi facility was available in the room.
Stayed on 27th Sunday during my business visit .Hotel with clean and very neat rooms. Staff were friendly with different languages . Food was good and Tasty. Liked the interiors inside the room.very attractive .More than anything Well maintained Bath rooms, clean and neat.
It was a pleasant surprise that my room was booked in this hotel. Such a lovely hotel with all the facilities to make the stay a memorable one. Well-appointed rooms with cleanliness and excellent service makes this hotel first choice. The food is very good. Located off Sterling road, this hotel is ideal for business stay.
I have visited this hotel for business purpose. Hotel is well located, where almost most of them can visit this hotel. Room rates are very reasonable Rooms are small but its good for business peoples to stay. Food is fantastic, very tasty and delicious. Overall a good hotel for business trip.
I have visited here with my friends to get Visa. Rooms are small with less facilities. US Consulate is very close to hotel. Breakfast was served at the dining hall which was good and tasty. Staffs are very good in service with prompt. Overall it is very good hotel and you will enjoy your stay. Recommended.
good hotel to stay, worth it,service is good, hotel is locating within the city, near to all the sight seeing places in chennai surroundings.good hotel to stay, worth it,service is good, hotel is locating within the city, near to all the sight seeing places in chennai surroundings.good hotel to stay, worth it,service is good, hotel is locating within the city, near to all the sight seeing places in chennai surroundings.
Excellent location for my appointments in buildings nearby. Good breakfast, but not much choice for dinner. Best restaurant for non-vegetarians. Good attentive staff and very helpful. No exhaust fan in bathrooms. They keep rooms and corridor clean, and tidy with Nilgiri air freshner, it feels good.
Overall its worth for money staying at this hotel. Room service is also fine. Convenient and easy accessible to public transport. Had a good time, I'd recommend this hotel as one option. Reception people are very helpful, they helped me timely in getting auto/cab booking.

I stayed with my husband in the Crescent Park Hotel. The Hotel is the real masterpiece with an fabulous low rate for the rooms and you can find the relaxation, free wifi and rest in the Hotel. Their manager priority is to make the guests feel as living the Royal and luxury hotel. It was a great service from all the hotel staffs, the food was top class taste and it's worth the Money.
I stayed with my wife in the Crescent Park Hotel. The Hotel is the real masterpiece with an fabulous low rate for the rooms and you can find the relaxation, free Wi-fi and rest in the Hotel. Their manager priority is to make the guests feel as living the Royal and luxury hotel. It was a great service from all the hotel staffs, the food was top class taste and it's worth the Money.
An amazing place to unwind yourself with close people away from the crowd and pollution to experience nature the way it should be.Amazing carpentry and decor and yummacious food, best for nurturing your stomach and soul.
Very nice. Very friendly front desk. Located close to US consulate
I was mostly there to spend the nights as I was out the whole day on work. The staff seemed friendly & definitely ideal for me as my work was close to the hotel. Breakfast was decent too. I didn't try any other food there. Room condition was decent too.
Old towels were not cleared and the dust bin was not cleared. Otherwise everything was fine. Breakfast was good. Improve the cleaning service. Can provide better toiletries, dental care kit. Room ambience was good and the complementaries were good.
The hotel is very nicely decorated and has a good ambience. The staff is helpful and friendly. The food here is average. The complimentary breakfast is also good. And overall one can expect a peaceful stay here.
Average hotel with very poor service and staff response. Too far from city. As need to go to SSN college I preferred this hotel. Not value for the money you paying for. We will get lot more better hotel to the price I paid.
This hotel has a limit on WiFi access.. You can only use 250 mb of internet. Although you can request and get an extension on your daily quota.. It is highly inconvenient if you plan to do office work from this hotel.
Nice one to stay. Clean and tidy rooms, but food is bot upto the mark and very far from airport. Could be better, if they add airport cab service. As the normal cab guys are totally betraying passengers.
An awesome stay with a pleasant and friendly staff. Hotel renovation was simply superb. Good ambience in the rooms and clean bathrooms along with clean sheets and towels. Thought it would be helpful if a paid cab service is available. Overall, a pretty decent stay.
My stay at Southern Residency was a pleasant surprise. Since, it is at the outskirts of Chennai, I had my doubts about the kind of stay I would get. But I must appreciate quick service, clean rooms and tasty food served at the hotel. Full marks to polite and helpful staff. Would like to recommend others who are travelling for business.
Awesome hotel, good value for money. Well trained staff pleasing and congenial in treating customers. Loved the stay. Would repeat quite often. Already planned one more visit on Monday. The Location is well away from hustles and bustles and could reach all major IT companies in less than 15 minutes.
Excellent stay arrangement as far as cleanliness, room and facilities are concerned. Really, like a lot. Recommending to everyone for excellent stay arrangement in a very economical prices. Really value for money only some improvements in food and drinks.
The hotel is under renovation and the dust, noise and paint smell can make anyone sick. I think till the renovation work is not over completely. The hotel rooms should not be sold. Lift did not work, my room had a strong-stench and I had to request for a room change. Was too noisy and full of dust flying all over.
Hotel is being renovated now and the location is good. Overall, it is great value for money. Very neat and clean room, complimentary breakfast was kind of okay, not so great but good when compared to the rate and value you get. Nice hotel and recommend to anyone looking for a stay near Kelambakkam.
I had good experience with Southern Residency. Good service and easy to reach place. And with make my trip I had booked this hotel. Very comfortable to stay and relax. Very economic studio room and I had an enjoyable trip. I had a wonderful stay at this hotel.
Nice environment. .
When I searched the hotel at Kelambakkam area of Chennai, I found the Southern Residency Hotel is next to Bus Stand, if Kelambakkam and got the room immediately and cost wise also it was very good and I like that hotel with rates and it's excellent services.
Nice budget option to consider at adyar... Had basic amenities and food was OK.. The reception however was swift and attended to all requirements... The room was good but the size of the toilet was a bit too small and inconvenient bathing area was smaller too.. Overall, a budgetary option.
The staff is very friendly and helpful. They attended to all our requests when my wife fell sick. However, a lot can be improved. Phone was working only intermittently, the switch boards were old, the printer at the front desk was not working, wifi access is given only to one device per room, and the tablemats at the breakfast tables were dirty. The quality of breakfast was ok. Room cleanliness was good.
The appearance of the hotel was compact, stylish and cosy. The room service was splendid and the hotel boy was just a ring away. The staff was very helpful with my stay as well as very friendly. The bathroom was amazing, beds soft and food exquisite, it was a delightful stay!
It's a good economy hotel located in very nice calm residential area. Rooms are very nice and quite big. The staff are really nice and prompt in response. Breakfast served within the hotel is quite good. I would recommend this hotel for a short stay in Chennai if you are there for a business travel.
It's a good economy hotel located in very nice calm residential area. Rooms are very nice and quite big . The staffs are really nice and prompt in response. Breakfast served within the hotel is quite good. I would recommend this hotel for a sort stay in Chennai if you are there for a business travel.
The hotel is in domestic atmosphere. The amenities is good. The behaviour of staff is good. The food provided is good. The location of hotel is away from market or mall so if one who desirous to purchase some thing is very difficult. But the stay at this hotel is peaceful and comfortable. The tourist with family can stay without any difficulty.
I travelled in the month of March 2014 with my friend and it was an official trip. The hotel was located within the city and the appearance of the hotel was excellent. There were no delay at booking and the front office. The staff service was good. The rooms were clean and neat with the amenities like TV and geyser facility in working condition. Complimentary breakfast was provided it was good and there were no activities available.
I stayed there during a business visit, the stay was comfortable and the location was isolated admits busy city, however I would recommend you to carry your own bath products as the quality of the towels provided was not good. Besides that the food was homely and ambiance was cool. Easily accessible to all famous tourist destination as it’s in the middle of the city.
I would rate my overall experience to be Average. they could give more options for people who prefer less spicy food.
Good hotel for amount paid.. I Am 100 % satisfactory with.. This hotel.. Service is good... Maintenance is good but far from... Bus stand and railway station. But near to sea... And temperature and locality is really quite beautiful...
It is located near VGP and walkable distance to beach, food is not so good inside hotel, whereas you have number of restaurant near by
I stayed here for two days... Staff were so good and friendly... Food was really too good... Even the complementary breakfast was so nice... Worth for what we pay... Parking alone needs to be improved... Swimming pool was good.
Very nice resort and staff were very kind and had a great stay. Indoor games are very few and we never played any outdoors and did not see anyone playing also. Swimming pool was a great entertainment and was well maintained. Bar was not available, TV screen size was too small.
The destination of the hotel was nice. The location of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was not delayed. I had visited this hotel for official purpose. The overall service of the hotel was good. The behaviour of the staff's was good. The room was spacious and clean. The appearance of the hotel was good. The food was value for money.
The food was very good in the hotel. The complimentary food was available at the hotel. The overall service of the hotel was good. There was no suggestion for this hotel. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. The parking place was available at the hotel.
Overall experience was very pleasant.. The resort had various games and activities.. The pool was smaller than expected but it was still nice.. Location was nice.. Breakfast was also good..
Repeated Audio
Hotel is located a main spot and easy to reach to the location. The maintenance of the hotel was really good and enjoyed the stay. I liked the maintenance of the rooms, gardening and swimming pool. Nice place to have one day outing with family and friends.
It's really a good place to stay with family. Staff are really nice and good food. Best place to stay. You can relax and play games. It was a great experience for me in Eastwood. If you guys looking an affordable one, kindly visit Eastwoods. You'll get nice services here.
MGM Eastwoods
Its not a beach resort as it says. Its a normal resort but good for stay. Food was good. And staff was helpful. Swimming pool was wel maintained. Overall it was a good experience. The only thing was we thought it was a beach resort but its is a usual and normal resort
The room was neat and clean, in fact it is very bigger in size. There is no LED in the room. They use Large size computer monitor as a TV. Mini fridge does not work and they charge double the rate for the snacks and soft drinks in the room. The food was too costly for the quality and quantity served. Except Swimming pool no other facility available in the hotel.
Staffs service was very good, food was also good and value for the money, you can enjoy with family or friends in this resort, rooms are big in size and its very clean and neat, swimming pool is clean and good, its very near from city you can easily travel to this place
Good to go for weekend trip and it will be worth for 2000 INR not more than that. On time service cannot be expected. Ambience is good. Table tennis and some out door games are available for relaxation. Free use of swimming pool. Bad parking area. Room facilities are good
Stay has been very good. But the helpline of hotels.com was so I'll equipped to guide when I was trying to cancel the trip.
Was a good experience. Calm and neatly maintained. All though a few changes are recommended to catch up with the current trends and relatively new resorts have in their offering . Room service was ok. Reception was good and helpful. First and foremost , the contact number has to updated on their on online search data base.
Not worth of the money we pay
It was very pleasing experience totally. Awesome food with nominal charges. Swimming pool was good to spend some time there. Loved it! Worth staying there.
Eastwoods is one of the best resorts located in East Coast Road. The rooms were clean and the service was good.
LOved the place . . . . !! Very Warm and fuzzy would be the way that i would put it !!!!
Not so good
Opposite to MGM. Nice resort with games; Rooms were spacious and clean; Mosquitoes were a problem even with AC on;   Breakfast was good. Few restaurants and plenty of activities available nearby.
Very disappointing. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It was probably nice two decades ago but has fallen into sad disrepair. The reception desk staff had a very poor understanding of English.  I am taking into account the fact that they were still cleaning up from the cyclone a week ago. That being said, the manager was as helpful as he could be.
I don't have any suggestion for this hotel.
I really had an very worst experience with the hotel staffs. The reception guy doesn't know how to handle a customer he was such an arrogent guy who doesn't deserve to be in the reception. once if you go out any where, they will check out the room without even checking with you, they will not be bother even if luggage remains in the room. rooms are average, food is good.
Gr8. Pleasant stay Restaurant can have more variety
the place was so lively.the ambiance of the hotel was great and must appreciate the staff for maintaining the standard of the hotel.after looking in to these we expected a lot the place was so lively.the ambiance of the hotel was great and must appreciate the staff for maintaining the standard of the hotel.after looking in to these we expected a lot
Very good hotel to stay with family. Stayed for 3 days & found comfortable. Facilities are very good & specially room service & overall staff. Room size is very good. Very close to Mahabalipuram. Value for money. Only problem is less Hindi & English TV Channels.
Got a good deal from MMT. I stayed there for 1 day as we were visiting an old friend there. The hotel is clean, staff is supportive and the ambience is good. Only thing in which hotel needs improvement is the cable operator. As the hotel is still using cable network it was cumbersome for us to find non Tamil channels and no guide mode was there.
Good hotel. The ambience is good. Lobby was superb. Need to improve parking facilities. The food was expensive and it took 40 mins for a starter. In roof top restaurant. The hotel should look into it. Breakfast is excellent and service too.
I was searching for an affordable hotel near to Ottiyambakkam for a Triathlon event organized by CTC. MakeMyTrip gave me a good deal and I loved the stay. Easy to locate the hotel as it is in OMR road. Clean and peaceful, loved the food at the restaurant after my event. Friendly staff, thanks a lot for the hospitality guys. Keep up the good work.
Went there to participate in sporting event near by. Hotel staff was friendly and accommodated our need for food and area to assemble our sports gears. Helpful in arranging transport. Rooms were clean. Didn't use the swimming pool that is open to sky (hot). Glad we selected this hotel.
Room was good. Cleanliness was good. TV cable was not working when I reached hotel when I complained they told it'll take 2 hrs but it till night problem was there.. And TV picture quality was poor not expected from this type of hotels even low grade hotel provide better one Guest was not allowed to come to room to meet even if they have valid ID proof even though in rules it was written with valid local ID proof it's allowed.
I was on a personal trip with family. Took a suit in this hotel. Had a great experience. Room is very spacious. Booked through makemytrip. Best and worth for the price. Rooms are very clean and classically decorated. Food also good. Housekeeping were very friendly and helpful. Room cleaning was beyond my expectation. Impeccable clean bathrooms. It would be my favourite in future trips also.
Sabari classic Gokulam hotel is the Best option available as compared to nearby hotels available in options. Rooms are nice and spacious. Give you an artistic feeling, amenities are nice, pool, gym are decent also has a nice lounge for evening relaxation.
Had good stay. The front desk executives were very supportive and polite and went extra mile to bring smiles. I would also like to appreciate Manju for her support. Rooms were spacious and amibience was excellent. It's more than value for money.

Services and facilities offerd to customers is too good. Being my business trip I was Busy with my meetings. Rooms offered by hotel is spacious clean and maintained, hotel staff is excellent in there responsibility. I will definitely visit this in future ..
Decent rooms. Value for money. Good location on Old Mahabalipuram Road. We had a banquet function and decided to stay back in the hotel. Staff at restaurant were very helpful. They offered Aloo paratha as a special case which was not a part of breakfast buffet.
Fantastic hotel on the way to Mahabalipuram, very nice swimming pool and rooftop bar was also good. The check in and check out was smooth, breakfast was delicious and had lot of variety. Overall, a fun place to be in and would recommend to all friends.
Firstly I would tell it's a value for money stay. The rooms are well-maintained and spacious too so, definitely value for money. Secondly I would say the rooftop bar has got the best ambience and it's because of this I loved this hotel. Morning buffet was good. So overall, I would rate 9 out of 10.
Excellent place! Value for money. Only one problem we faced with one front office staff during check-out was that he bit lazy, no smile and took lot of time for clearance despite we need to leave urgently. Also they complained that the tray was missing but there was none when we occupied.
The hotel is a great place for temple visits. The driver has an excellent local knowledge.
Good food... Good service
We love this hotel. Excellent location, charming atmosphere, very good restaurant. The room was nice and neat, staff are also very friendly and co-operative. Overall, good value for the price. People to take care of lobby.
OK type hotel. If you are thinking of staying near to the bus stop this is the right place. Rooms are big enough but not clean. WiFi is good and customer service is prompt. Good bar but food is pathetic. Not many options for buffet breakfast.
Service was really very good didn't expect the room size this much bigger. Rooms are neat and clean. Breakfast was good and on spot dosa omelet all are included in complimentary breakfast really unexpected. Enjoyed the stay and will recommend for all of my friends and colleagues.
Well I would I like to appreciate the ambience which is at it's best. And complementary breakfast is fine.. And the I really appreciate their dedication towards their duties... I would suggest people who would visit there should opt the royal plaza. So as my next would definitely be there.
It is situated opposite to a market place. But even though they have maintained it very well neat and clean. Room is also spacious and make my trip had provided. A complimentary pack of toiletries. Food and all was little expensive comparative with the quantity. Reception area is spacious. And is close to the jammed bus stand. Its OK for the discount I have got through makemytrip
I have went to Chennai for some personal engagement and stayed one night at Royal Plaza. The Hotel is next to the omni bus stand and the room are spacious, clean and well-maintained and for your info. The hotel staff are very polite and the service is very good. I will plan for my next visit to the same hotel.
Very calm place in a busy location. Nothing to complaint food, cleanliness, service everything was fine and the location of the hotel made our purpose of the visit very easy. Yes this is the hotel we selected for our next visit also. Great experience. The staffs are very Nice.
First time booking in MMT it was great experience. The staffs are very Nice they explained us about the area and showed us in the map where we should go. The breakfast was delicious. Bathrooms were Nice and clean. Thank you guys will visit next.
Visit this place when you are at Ooty. Superb place Good ambience Superb food Value for money Good location It's must to visit this place when you are at Ooty. It's just a place to hang out and experience the Ooty. You could feel everything you wanted in Ooty.
The hotel was nearby the bus stand. There was no activity arranged by the hotel. The best part of the hotel was the location. I would like to recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers.
Clean room, tasty breakfast, check-in was smooth, arrived at late night and left in the morning. Good location, few Kms from my work place, peaceful sleep and bed was comfortable as well. Would stay here again and recommend to my friends and colleagues.
Hajajshshhsksbsjnsdbjsbjshjbdhdkdndndjdbxjdkdjdddkkddjdddnddjdgskhsdjdidhskndjdbdjdbkddnkdndjdbdkdndnfjfbdndkdndkdndkdndkdnfjdjdnfkdndjfjkdbdkfhkdndkdbkddnddkdjdnfjfjdndkdndhjddjkdjdhdkdnbddndbdjdjjdkdndj
Noticed many changes in this hotel, check- in process was smooth. Rooms are neat and clean. Food was nice. Location of the hotel is well-connected to my business place. Room service very instant, even at 1. 30am also. In total very nice experience. Will refer to my friends. Thanks to MMT for choosing the best hotels as my Value+Hotels keep it up guy.
The hotel is very nicely located and the reception and the staff were very good. The restaurant serves excellent food and the rooms were very cozy. I feel like going back when the opportunity comes up. The reservation process was very simple, the rooms and the food were priced good.
Located quite centrally in the heart of Chennai, this hotel has an old world charm. The staff was very helpful and co-operative and accommodated our request for early check-in without any hassles. The rooms are spacious and well maintained with proper heating arrangements. Bar and the restaurant offer good varieties but it is a little over priced. Overall, highly recommended.
They told me this Booking is not valid and they don't have a tie up with Hotels.
The hotel was located in the middle of the city. The check in and checkout was done on time. The room given to me was spacious. All basic amenities were provided in the room. I didn’t take food from the hotel. The activity was not conducted at the hotel. The hotel was value for money.
Location is unbeatable. Bed linen and towels was poor. Facilities - average - def needs improvement. Room service - below average. Food quality appears to be ok. However, did not take chances with non-veg items. Staff - nothing to complain about, but lot of room for improvement.
Convenient Located and address is easily traceable Rooms are not worth for tariff . bathrooms are not good ,comparing facility and room Quality Tariff is not good having food facility having ( Vegetarian & non veg) Room service is ok front office / Reception is good . having parking facility.
First of all the location is not good but it provides good facilities it has 24 hours check-in & check-out facility. AC rooms, laundry wash, transportation facilities good room service the rooms are good the food is good, coffee shop etc. It has good facilities but the location is not good & it is 100kms far from airport & railway station.
I went to Aspni hotel in last December. This is a excellent hotel. Staff is excellent and food is very tasty. But money spending is expensive here, sometime you felt like this for some items. Services are not so good they need to improve in this area. Totally good hotel you can enjoy.
As per my business schedule I had visited to Chennai. Location of hotel is fair enough to everyone to identify. Rooms were not so clean and neat, they have to improve the cleaning service. Food especially dal fry and sambar is excellent in taste. Average hotel to stay, service needs to improve.
tayed here since it Was in vadapalani main road. Ten mins drive to the prometric centre, decent room's, breakfast was excellent. Ala carta lunch was terrible. Should look elsewhere. Okayish stay. If Convenience over comfort should check it out. Walkable distance to murugan Temple, barbeque Nation, bus Stop and Srm Hospital.
I had some work in Chennai so I stayed in this hotel, room and service were good, free Wi-Fi service, complimentary breakfast, food was good, very near to Koyembedu Bus depot.
I travel frequently to Chennai for business and Aspni Inn had greatly helped me unwind towards the end of the day. It is located at Vadapalani, hardly 300mts from the Vadapalani signal. Food is okay, breakfast buffet spread is good. The hotel staff is courteous.
We checked in this hotel and were devastated by their hotel rooms and also their service. We had to change 4 rooms. Each room had one problem or the other. Either a/c not working, TV not working, water leaking from top in bathrooms. The rooms are very small and cramped. The staff is very rude too. The morning breakfast was terrible too...
I came here to spend good time with my girlfriend. It was completely unexpected visit. The response from the staff was quite good. Its a Budget place you can visit for a holiday with your girl. You need not bring anything along with you, even the toilet accessories were provided.
Good. It is located in the 100 feet road, Vadapalani - Chennai. Near to Chennai Bus Terminus. Location is well connected to
The stay was nice and comfortable. The staff were good and hospitable.
Not happy. No drinking water bath soap available. On call room service is very poor.
Nothing to say special. Though rooms were ava. They hesitated to give. I hate this hotel and will not recommend to anyone.
It is a simple, neat and clean budget hotel in the city. It is located in a street parallel to 100 ft. Road. It is close to the Vadapalani temple and the service is very good. Enjoyed my stay and will recommend my friends.
Worst hotel and worst location. Room doesn't worth for the money we pay. Smallest room I have ever seen in hotel. If would have rated this hotel total negative if I had a chance
Hotel is not on the main road but can be located easily if landmarks are known. I stayed for 3 nights. Small but clean room & bathroom. Clean and value for money. Right in the middle of 100 feet road, busy but hotel is new and clean. All OK.
I had visited this hotel for alone. All facility was provided in the room.
Clean and value for money. Right in the middle of 100 feet road, busy but hotel is new and clean. If you get a relatively new hotel you will get clean room. Will recommend the hotel to short stay couples. Vijaya Mall is nearby too, get a relief at the mall.
I Like the location of hotel so i booked it for my friend ,,,,,,, very clean and people are very friendly and decent.....highly recommended...................................................................Worth for the price .....very good ,,,,thank you so much...................
I stayed in this hotel in the month of June. it is very near to the chennai Intl airport. Hotel location was good. they provide me free shuttle service to the airpot. Front office and staff was good. Room was neat and clean. They provide me welcome drink. Food was good, south India food. In nutshell hotel was good value for money.
This is a good hotel. Little cosy but value for money especially if you have come to Chennai just for one or two day. The rooms were neat & clean and well-maintained. The staff were good and cooperative in whatever help I needed. For Rs 1300, I found it a good one.
OK, staff need to be trained on professionalism. Room is of average size, good for individual short trip. Service need to be improved. Person on front desk need to fluent in English rather than local language. There is no clear Landmark or Direction if the person is coming from outstation.
Overall good, no wifi connection in rooms. Limited TV channels are available. No additional facility apart from drinking water. No morning complimentary breakfast. No pickup and drop vehicles from airport. No self coffee makers available. Overall, for limited period staying, it is good.
The Hotel is actual abutting to Vadapalani Temple.The enactment is cast new and was actual attainable to important places. The staffs were affable and the capital alley is actual abreast but yet the auberge is absolutely and affable to stay.A abundant abode to break and acceptable amount for your money. should accord the abode a try if your in Chennai.
The hotel is at prime location, no doubt in that. The staff is good really helping, have etiquettes, manners. I was having a problem with my intercom as it was not audible to housekeeping staff, every time I used to call them to re fill jug with water. Rest everything is awesome. Peaceful stay.
Overall experience is good to stay into hotel. Everything is good. Cleaning is good. Location is good. We can book again if I come next time in Chennai. It is good for money compare to another hotel.
IT was nice experience staying in the hotel. Rooms are a clean and it was a 1 day trip so good location of the hotel helped me in business meetings. Rates are also fine. Service is also good with tasty food. Recommend if you are visiting at looking for a central location hotel.
My trip to Chennai started here as it is very nearer to Chennai central railway station.. Location is good easy to reach.. Rooms are OK but small.. Complimentary breakfast, lunch everything is so tasty.. But only problem is with the size of the room...
Only location is good, near to central station, breakfast was decent but the service is very bad and below expectations and the quality of linen pillow and towels are very poor and below standard and there is Wi-Fi only in lobby and I room there wasn't Wi-Fi even after paying extra for the Wi-Fi in room.
The money you spend through is worth for EMARALD Hotel. The reception persons are well mannered Room services are good in response. It was located near to the Central station is main advantage
Hotel was good and average service but I think cost for one night more. As per hotel need to reduce cost and offer more to customer service and provide the best lunch or dinner. Also maintain the discipline in the hotel for guest.
Reputed hotel with clean rooms and services for family that will be good option. Love to stay in this hotel. Very near to central railway station just 5 mins walk. Just 2 or 3 km from Marina beach. Overall it was nice stay in that hotel if I will visit again to Chennai I will stay there.
Staying at Hotel was good but the problem is with the location. The roads outside the hotel is not cleaned and room service is average. Housekeeping staff always disturbs us by cleaning the room twice or thrice. But good Hotel to Stay if you neglect outside.
I had visited this hotel for personal trip. The breakfast was not good in the hotel. The room was not good in the hotel. The room was not neat and clean. The hot water was facility was not good in the room. I had taken breakfast in the hotel. The overall service was OK in the hotel. The location of the hotel was good. I would suggest this hotel to improve renovate the room.
The hotel room was good. The room and floor was neat and clean. They not provided non-vegetarian food only. The hotel was nearby the bus stand. The behaviour of staff's and receptionist was worst. The hotel location was not so good. I had visited this hotel for personal trip. The service was not good.
Over all good. I recommend this hotel this is two star property. Please update the bed, bedsheets, pillows this hotel near by central railway station convenience all travellers and near shopping malls, Egmore railway station and near hospitals means appllo, kumaranhopital and more. Thank you
Very nice hotel and staff very good, enjoyed stay.food good , staff good, breakfast nice. Rooms good and worth of money , near to chennai central also.......................................................................... .........................
Hotel was good but rooms are not clean and mattress also. Lot of mosquitoes are there but they will give Mortin in every rooms. Breakfast is also not good enough. No water bottel given as complementary. Checkout time before 11 and check-in at 12 only before that they will charge 1/2 day's rent.
I had visited this hotel alone for official trip. The overall service of the hotel was good. The transportation facility was not provided by the hotel. The location of the hotel was good. The hotel was nearby the bus stand. The overall experience of the hotel was good. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was done on time at the hotel. The provided room was very good at the hotel.
The rating shows its 3 star.... but its not even 1 star. Only the location and rooms are good. They take more than half hour to bring tea or even water. Wifi is free only in the lobby that too with very very slow Internet. No complementary water bottle is provided.
every thing is ok but hotel manegment open guest room without permission from guest in any time this is not security in hotel.
Nice clean rooms with good facilities but wifi was extra which you might expect to be included at that rate.
I stayed here for 2 days from 23rd Sept 13 to 25th Sept. The room and the bathroom was clean. THe beds provided were not really comfortable. The single bed was too small for a person of heavily built and decent enough height. Breakfast was also good. Room service was quick and responsive. NOthing great or exceptional about this hotel, but everything was average or below average. Recommended if you are on a business trip alone or with colleagues.
good service &very good breakfast
Nothing out of the world, dont go by the pictures. Its a regular clean hotel with friendly staff, nothing more.
I had pathetic experience. The only good thing it was an AC room
Smooth Checkin Helpful and smiling Staff Ensured that I was comfortable, even though Chennai was having a planned electricity cut for the whole day. They literally kept the generator running the whole day. Good wifi speed Even though close to main road and a busy railline, no sound was felt due to sound proof windows
Basic hotel, the room we stayed in was adequate, small bathroom though. staff were good especially Delhi Raj in the restaurant. food in restaurant was good - nice breakfast too. good location near train station. overall nothing special but a good clean hotel for a quick stay.
The destination of the hotel was good. The location of the hotel was good. I had visited this hotel with my family for official trip. The hotel was located in the city. I didn’t face any problem to reach the hotel. The overall service of the hotel was good. The Wi-Fi facility was not provided by the hotel. There was no activity arranged by the hotel.
Hotel I enjoyed is hotel stay. This is very good hotel in the last week back. Here firstly I enjoyed is food. They give this with the sambar and green chutney. This is very beautifull to taste. Another one I enjoyed is in the room .. Many visits are still awaiting
The Hotel Grand palace is good hotel for the stay. They too have a community hall where you can arrange any family events like kid birthday party celebration, baby shower bath celebration and marriage reception etc. Food and hospitality is good no complaints.
First of all I just want to say one thing, the thing is this hotel is not just a hotel, really this is heaven. Last month I went to this hotel and their reception, room, food and drinks everything in this hotel unforgettable, especially they have bar too and their room service is one of their key to success, and room rent is also will okay for us, guys I recommend to you for this hotel.
It is located in the main area of Chromepet near to railway station and bus stand walk able distance. The environment was very pleasant. Hall and room decorations are superb. Food quality was good. Services and activities are also good. Pleasant hotel and surely you guys will enjoy.
I stayed here on my 3 days Business Trip. I was looking for a budget hotel with decent rooms and clean interiors. This place did live up to my expectation. The staff was really helpful and always available on call. So if you want to just stay and have a limited budget I would recommend this hotel.
Best hotel. All things are available in walkable distance. Food is good but lightly costly. I stayed in that hotel for college conference. They booked that hotel for me. It’s very nice and I enjoyed very much staying there. I stayed there for about two days. They served very well.
It was a good hotel. All facility was provided in the room. The complimentary breakfast was provided in the hotel. The behaviour of staff's was good. The transportation facility was not provided in the hotel. I went to this hotel by my own vehicle. Parking facility was available at the hotel. The overall experience was good in the hotel. I was a frequent traveller to this hotel.
Expect with the location.. Nothing is good with this hotel. Hotel is not at all clean. Service is worst. Not even providing a minimum requirements like water. Ghjj
Hotel refused to allot the room based on makemytrip confirmation Finally paid extra and got the room. Makemytrip charged the entire amount for cancellation of the booking. Very poor service. My request to makemytrip is that that should confirm booking only after getting confirmation from the hotel
Checked in for a night. Both of us got itching all over the body and then we called room service for a fresh bed cover. They said they are coming in few minutes but no one came or returned the call. I had to call again after 15 minutes for them to deliver bed sheets which were mildly wet.
Worst hotel in this city. Bad activities and all they doing. I won't suggest to others. Receptionist morning 4 o'clock called and telling you want check-out now like. They won't remained also. Money waste. In hotel very bad smell was coming. Vomit scene was in full hotel. Bedsheet pillow everything dirty.
Location of the hotel very convenient when you reach Chennai by bus. It is just infront of Koyambedu bus stand. Easy to reach anywhere in city. Rooms are okay but not bad which will be comfortable for a day stay. So many food options available as it is surrounded by restaurants only.
good servic is so nice room is like an dreem of house car parking so comfatebel for us room servieses are wering uniform neet and clean swimming is ssssoooooo quiteeeee every room has an diffent painting and diffen colar diffrent models so i want to spend my weekend
I went there a holiday, they met the all the expectation, the rooms were clean I am impressed also by the staff and the services. The food was delicious, it was very tasty and yummy. I love the location where the hotel was.
It was at a good location. Restaurant was good. Service need to improve. Wifi need to improve at room. I visit regularly for office work. So look forward further hospitality. At overall good hotel.
Stay was comfortable and the hotel is ideally suited for me as my workplace is nearby. The bus stop is exactly opposite to the hotel. Food quality is good and the service provided is also up to the mark. The room service needs to improve. Rooms are well-maintained and the AC required to repaired.
We stayed at this guest house for three weeks. Great location. Lots of variety of restaurants and shops around. It was very quiet and we always felt safe. Nice big room with homely environment. Exactly what we needed after week long travel to various hotels and places. Courteous caretaker, quite atmosphere, my kid enjoyed little space outside to play. Good greenery is maintained. I will prefer this place for further stay.
Everything fine. But found bugs and inscets in room as well washroom too. Cold water taps in toilet are not working. More over no dent kit or shaving kit provided free. You can find tea kettel but tea, sugar, and milk powder are not there. Stayed for 3 days. None of these things were avliable. Rest all fine.
Useless hotel, Room is dirty, Linen were smelly, Toilet worst, water leaking all the time, corridor just like a old mansion not repaired and all walls broken. Can give a lot of description. Do think twice before you book the room
Located at the heart of the city this is probably the worst place you wanna end up after spending a 3k for a SO CALLED A/C room. This merely has cold air and its more of a hot air oven. Poor service, poor food, poor hygiene, and if you want people to respond to your complaint please vacate the room and reach home and then ull probably get their response call ...
Its located in a prime place, very near to Koyembedu central bus stand. The staff are friendly and they serve you better if given tips. Getting a decent hotel on Make my trip rate in this locality is impossible. Our stay was comfortable. Most of the time we had our food outside.
Very poor service. They have collected Rs. 2000 as caution deposit without which they didn't allow us to check in. Breakfast was very worst and hence we didn't take it. They don't even provide complimentary mineral water in Room. Very old Bathroom. Staff are unprofessional.
Good to stay. Location good. Hospitality is not too good. Still using old picture tube televisions. Near by metro railway station and bus stand available. It's very transparent to access any where in city.
Lives up to its reputation. A traditional one. Not like modern but gives a good feel cool
Service, complementary breakfast is worst. I won't book next time. Poor in housekeeping. No fan in AC room. No mineral water bottle. After asking bathroom kit they didn't provide. Flush is not working properly.
Every time I am refer this hotel. I stayed at Vijay Park Hotel and I had a really good experience. Every time I am refer this hotel.
Are r
The room is spacious. But it was one of the old hotel. Both room is not so decent. No LED tv. Centralized AC is Okay. Overall its an average hotel. Food is not so tasty. But food variety are more
Room, bed linen, bathroom and bath towels not clean. Food is average. Hotel needs total modifications if they want to survive. AC was not functioning. They charged for dental kit and shaving kits. I don't recommend this place.
Services were pretty slow & you have to remind 2-3 times to housekeeping/room service etc. They will ask for an advance at the check-in & it's mandatory to deposit.. At the time of checkout, they will take so much time to bill you that either your cab or flight will miss.
I stayed here since the hotel is located in a prominent location and it is easier for my relatives to visit me. During lean hours, the Restaurant provided a good environment to discuss a lot over a cup of coffee.
Room is ok. AC not at all effective. Have to order a fan
Pathetic conditions, Not maintained well at all, rooms are not very clean. Complimentary breakfast was the most horrible food to eat, it looked like just because they committed on complimentary breakfast something was cooked and kept. Food was Cold and unedible.  Hotel staff very not polite, looked like they were all frustrated with their work.  Over all Horrible experience, will never go back there
Hotel facility are good but Room services is not good, Wi-fi was not working at all
Courtesy of front office staff was horrible!! Will never choose this hotel again..,
Not a bad hotel for a short stay near the main bus stand.
The hotel is located ideally on 100-ft road with easy connectivity across the city. However, the authorities need to review the facilities and at the very least ensure water taps and WC works well. Also, the door knobs and other fittings need urgent renovation.
It was a great disappointment. The rooms were not cleaned, had to tell the hotel to change the room due to cockroach in the the bed which staff could not do anything. Hot water was not available. Shower was rusted. Can not talk about it anymore. HOPE THE MANAGEMENT WOULD TAKE CARE OF THE SAME.
poor hygiene. meagre facilities, v poor management, staff are arragant and very unhelpful I would not recommend this hotel for my friends abroad
A. Comfortable clean stay
bkfst not so great someways was cold. Service in the restaurant poor.6TH FLOOR very noisy from the bar up above. Workers don't know how to be quite. Clean but very plain. Keep the windows closed or the bugs and noise will be bad.
I will not recommend this hotel for anyone I have never been to such cheap and worthless hotel in my life Save yourself never consider this place Make my trip should discontinue tie up with such low class hotels They don't value the customer people are very rude no courtesy
Nice hotel nice food nice drinks OK service OK staff not that great hotel OK rooms sambar idly. Nice beach hangout city
The transportation facility was far away from the hotel. The appearance of the hotel was good. There was no problem in check in and checkout process. The room was spacious and clean. All amenities were provided in the room. The behaviour of the staff’s was friendly. The food quality was good. All type of food was provided in the hotel. I didn't check activity in the hotel.
The hotel's location was good enough to travel to my desired places. Room was large enough and clean. But the room service was horrible, had to wait 40 min for a bottle of water. Front office hospitality was good. You have facilities for shopping and to watch a movie near you.
Hotel is nice from inside, looks renovated but clean, AC works well, restaurant is nice and serve till late night. Most important, every staff right from receptionist to attenders very helpful and well behaved.
The garden and lawn was available in the hotel. The hotel was located in the city. The check in and checkout was done on time. All basic amenities were provided in working condition in the room. The allotted room was spacious with neat and clean. I didn’t take food in the hotel. I didn’t check activity in the hotel.
As described in hotel facilities and room conditions, its just fair, i would say, since the room size, the bathoom size, toiletries provided, wifi, tv channels etc are not coming into categorey of good. sorry!!
Hotel room is very neat. Enjoyed my stay for 2 days with my wife and infant without no hassles. Food is good. Room service is good. Bar is also good. There is no kettle in my room. Television cable network went off for a day. I would strongly recommend this hotel.
Great value for money as the tariff is very competitive. Great location and helpful staff. The room was clean and housekeeping services were good. The restaurant is good. There are two major shopping malls in the vicinity. A very decent place to stay in the city.
The location is excellent. Front desk and all the staff are very kind and nice. Hotel food quality is not good, needs variety and quality. Room and water in bathroom is over medicated. There is no facility like swimming pool, gym or any morning exercise place. Room size is small.
Goooooooooooooooooooooodddddddddddd staff and gooooodddddddddd locationnnnnnnnnnnn...........................................overall Goooooooooooooooodddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddffddfdddddddddddddddddddd
I feel free to stay in Maurya international hotel. Very neat and hygienic. The hotel receptionist invited with smiling face. The hotel situation is easily accessible and reachable. Two mega shopping malls are there just opposite and besides the hotel. Room service and restaurant is very good.
The only good thing about this hotel is the short distance from it to the Vijaya mall (although crossing the street is unsafe even for locals). The sheets on both beds were dirty. TV screen is small, and remote control don't work unless they are less than a foot from the box. Internet often disconnects, and very slow when it works.
The location is very good. The elevator was not working when I was staying and we had to use the service elevator at the rear. Room is decent. I cannot comment on the service as I had hardly stayed in the room. They provided me food at 12. 30 am when it was pouring outside. That too hot and tasty food. I have no hesitation in recommending this place, though the price is on the higher side compared to the facilities on offer.
The hotel WiFi facility is very bad. It is only namesake. What ever message I sent all not gone using lesser capacity. Free offer timings at 7. 30am is not correct. At least coffee should have given those only want that if tiffin could not be given ear.
I have stayed here for one night and the hotel and all staff are excellent and even room is spacious, neat and clean. Really it is a good hotel and value for money. I will suggest all my friends to come and stay in this hotel if anyone come Chennai.
The photos published in website doesn't match with the actual room. The room is pathetic. Room service is even worst. Since the hotel has a bar, when you come out of the room, foul smell stings. Not a good place.
Ok
Very good and nice stay . staffs are very good . but needs to upgrade room with new fitting  and other acessosiries.
The rooms are very spacious, clean and well maintained. The air-conditioning was perfect and the furniture and bed was good. The halls are huge and are a very good place for hanging out. The breakfast was pathetic and so was everything. Breakfast is a cold dosa and even colder vada. The taste too was bad and room service is completely bad and they were like 'Do you really need breakfast'?. Price, location, car park everything is quite okay.
Good budget place to stay on official tour as well as with family or friends group. Facilities are good. Furniture provided is excellent and service was average. Food is home prepared so good. Staffs were good and provide quick service. Timing has to be maintained for food. Items served in menu are minimum and has to be increased.
I have stayed in revankar comforts @ Hubli & hotel location is good service also is good cleaning, food news papers, over all everything is OK
The provided room was very good at the hotel. All the facility was provided in the room in working condition. The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was done on time at the hotel. The staff's were well behaved in the hotel. There was no suggestion for this hotel. I would like to recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers.
The hotel location was good. The appearance of the hotel was looking good. The check in and checkout process was good and easy. The food served by the hotel was good and in quality. The service provided by the hotel was good and on time. The price of the food was reasonable. The activity was not organized by the hotel.
Nice hotel. Very good location. All was good in that hotel. Staff was very nice. Room is very nice. Food also very good nice taste. Was very near to the place which we visited. It was really nice hotel to stay there. Again if I come I ll stay there only.
I like it and love it. Nice rooms and clean, neat rooms and good servant. I stayed for many times your hotel. I love the quality of food and waters etc. May be is fantastic hotel etc. It was an amazing hotel. It's my favourite hotel.
One of the best hotel and good servent ,all rooms are very clean and neat. I this hotel and hotel members. Also love it. I like it members activities............ Helpful and hopeful hotel......................... I given suggestions for best hotel of your hotel
One of the best hotel and good servant. All rooms are very clean and neat. I like this hotel and hotel members. Also, love it. I like it's members activities. Helpful and hopeful hotel. I given suggestions for this best hotel.
It's a good hotel very easy to find since it was always difficult for me to communicate with taxi fellows because most of the people here talk only local language. This hotel was very well known by almost all the people and also the staff is very courteous and familiar I loved the stay.
The appearance of that is very good. It is located at good location. The destination of the hotel is good, good food of this hotel, car parking is very easy, good room conditions available, good service available, housekeeping service is good, staff are good respect for customers, staff are decent persons, good hotel, activity of that hotel is fantastic. Nice hotel. I am really missing that hotel.
not upto the mark. linen not changed. bathroom smells bad. tv not working. complimentary breakfast included. but not good.
good hotel, very good service, staff coprative
Rooms are so dirty i could not stay for a minute.I have to pay additional 1000/.- INR to change my room.Even the upgraded room was very untidy.Dirty linens, masquitos and unpleasant overall.
Horrible hotel. This hotel is not recommend for family stay. Front desk person was very rood but room service supervisor was very gently.
Excellent experience staying here! Great atmosphere, services, and location. This is the real deal if you wanna experience chennai. Any issues I had were dealt with promptly, cool people, food, and bar. I honestly recommend the sangeetha experience!
its a good clean hotel rooms are perfect houekeeping is also good I stayed for I am really satisfied
The place is located close to many key areas like Marina beach, US Consulate, Adyar, eeating joints, Pondy Bazaar, etc. The staff did not carry any smile . Most of key Hindi and Sports channels were not available on the TV in the Rom, even though the hotel said all channels are available. The breakfast was ok. Only ok for a very short stay.
Nice Hotel if you are looking for a place to stay overnight in Chennai
It was excellent .Actually i vacated at the check out time but they gave me more time about one hour .Staff was excellent .Worth for the money spend.
Me,My mom and in-laws got US Visas. Over all Great Hotel.
Not a good experience. Hotel is not clean. Manager was too rude, not supporting nature. Breakfast is pretty much good. Location is not good, it is on the back side of main road, where cheap market is there. Value for money hotel, according to hotel fare, I will neglect all the things in front of the fare because fare is to low.
Bad management and no maintenance would sum up the hotel. No water was placed in the room. At night neither of housekeeping, room service or reception answered the phone to serve water. Air conditioning was very poor. TV was not working in my room.
Good bestgood best Good best Good bestgood best The
I haven't seen such worst hotel in my life. The staff behavior is rude. No information available to call for service, if we call reception nobody will pick the call. This is worst experience ever seen in my business trips. Food is worst but room cleanliness is not good.
Rooms are not clean as pictures shows. Shuttle service is good but rest all not good. *
It's a risky venture in case if you depend on this hotel to arrange a drop for you. My friend for whom I booked this hotel considering the hotel , drop facility was at his wit's end when the hotel couldn't manage. He somehow struggled to reach the airport and catch the flight. The room AC wasn't working. Overall a risky venture.
People are good, room size is OK, jugaad everywhere, a non functional fridge, dirty pillows, air conditioning not up to mark, not cooling properly, rusty shower, broken commode flap, what else you want to know about.
Checkout bill not provided, I have been told that I will get from makemytrip who is the booking source. However, haven't got it yet. There hasn't been cleanliness in the room and no room service instructions provided. Could have been good if those instructions provided.
We had made booking through make my trip and also got confirmation from hotel but on the check in day when I call for pick up they told we don't have any booking in your name. So no management at all. Location is so bad even taxi driver is not able to understand location and AC is not working properly.
AC in the room wasn't working and TV in the room wasn't working. The room was not perfectly clean, sheets had some stains on them. Generally, the property was old and not maintained well. This hotel is okay if you are on a budget and have to stay close to the Airport but otherwise, I would not recommend it. I stayed here during a transit to sleep for 6 hours for which it was okay but I would not stay here otherwise.
Sheets had holes. Intercom and TV not working. Service very poor. Toilet not maintained. People not interested to service. Tariff was worth 500 only. Not advisable. Nobody bothers to even give water.
The hotel is not for stay at this price. Never recommend any other to stay there. Very bad service. The food was worst. The hotel room was very bad with loose fitting. A bad experience with this hotel. The service is very late, it almost takes half an hour to bring only town bottle of water.
Please guys don't waste your money to book this hotel. Poor service at all, not even clean the room single time, no buddy pick-up the phone for room service. Washroom was so dirty. Totally, rubbish and I will never refer to anyone this hotel. Food is also third quality, not even lift was working.
Not clean, breakfast not good, facilities not good. I felt bad in hotel to stay . . Not in good location. Price value is high as compare to room and food. Next time don't show this type hotels. Loss of money
Just ok ok!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brief transit. Convenient.
Sheets were stained and had holes, blanket was unwashed with no under sheet, no paper in toilet, no towel in room. A.C. dripped and rattled. Took one hour to deliver water requested at check in, and internal phone system was down (had to walk to reception for requests)
Ayooo!!! Terrific guys! I was litterly pi$$ed off; this is at a slum area if chennai, near to market.?they provide puck up bcos no one can find this hotel. In chicken biriyani, chicken was not cooked well. I think they bring food from outside and give it to you. They charged 50rs. For a black tea..Internet will give you only for 2hrs. Every 2 hours you need to call them.
Mount heera Good room service and on time Air port drop was good Room appearance of Batch room Toilet appearance and quality to be improved much as this is one of the main focus to be looked in .
Poorly managed. Rooms are not cleaned. Rest rooms are in such a poor condition I can explain.  Plz don't book the room
Worst Hotel so far I stayed....
Bath rooms is not clean. Very Poor room service. Room service phone does not respond. I requested a wake up call with coffee that was forgotten. Over all a very forgettable experience despite the location being close to airport
good
Very good service. Good to stay. Parking only issue. Very good service.
Affordable within budget, clean and decent room, service is good. Quite easy access to all major areas in city and shopping areas and eateries are surrounded. So, definitely a good place to stay over. Will recommend for those who come on business budget trip as staying in hotel means sleeping in night time and which is quite good as AC is there and in working condition. :-)
Its nice hotel in good area and service boys are also quite good, just room cleanliness should be improved. While apart this, all is good. Avoid ordering food from hotel menu. Good price and value for money it is.
This is very economic and worth it location wise and value wise. Really good if Customers like me are getting MMT discounts while doing frequent visits.. Now am not getting any MMT discounts, hence planning to change the hotel.
The biggest plus point is the hotel's location, The spread of rooms between 3rd & 4th floor, whereas the lift is stopping only at 4th floor but not in 3rd floor. With neck-of-femur bone fracture & as physically challenged it was nightmare to climb-up & claim down staircase between 3rd floor to 4th floor every time. The future travellers should demand for accommodation only in 4th floor & not in 3rd floor.
Nice rooms, good service. Clean rooms and staff is very good. Courteous must try if you are looking for budget stay.
One can't exactly classify this as a budget hotel since the price is slightly on the higher side. Plus the service offered at the reception is not very good. But the low point was the bed bugs!! I was not able to sleep. My body was full of rashes the next day. Worst experience ever!
I booked but not recommendable to others. Breakfast is not available except dosa & idly, in noon coffee is not available, receptionist requested to take from outside restaurants. To go to 3rd floor room you have to go to 4th floor & then come. Sorry I am not satisfied.
Excellent in all respect. Excellent room service has been provided. Location was very good. Overall it was good stay experience. I would like to thank Make My Trip for providing me such a great hotel. Thanks a lot 'Mak Mytrip'. In short it could be said that a very pleasant stay in this price.
I came for my studies purpose. I stay this hotel last one month. Really I am very disappointed and disturbed. Hotel have to improve all facilities. No WiFi facilities and proper drinks water facilities. Service are good. Travelers and Tourists are try to visit other hotel. If any budget hotel want try this hotel. Cost of money is not worth for this hotel. Hotel management have to improve all facilities.
Absolutely non cooperative staff. Except location, all others are highly negative. Will neither recommend nor revisit the place. No cleanliness, absolutely money being a sole motto. Reception staff at the age of 70 does not know how to behave with guests.
Not at all a good hotel to stay ... Rooms not up to the mark ... Telephone was. Miss sing. Ambience was not good enough ... Bathrooms looked clumsy. Cupboard facility waa not proper. Not clean bathrooms overall standard was not up to the mark in tbis hotel
Room is very small and bathroom is very dirty and all fittings are very old I will not visit this hotel in future. I wont recommend to my relatives and friends Ii is an ordinary hotel. Why you recommend this kind of hotel to clients. Only advantage is proximity to hotels and shops. Except location nothing is good.
Spacious rooms but bedsheets not that clean. Manageable for low expense. Working boys are good and cooperative. Rooms were clean. Wi-Fi net speed was good. So overall experience in this hotel was good only, not bad.
Really good hotel and appreciable hospitality. Restaurants available nearby and place for marketing. Only problem is that there is access on floor 4 and for floor 3 you need to come down by stairs. Good place to stay in T nagar.
Overall all good
Great staff and  friendly experience. Very responsive and courteous staff.

AC was promised while booking,but sadly there wasn't any AC in the hotel and the ventilation in the rooms are too bad
I had booked AC room, but the receptionist said \"we were informed to book Non-AC sir\". The agent has done a mistake.. I said \"I booked online on hotels.com\" he was so rude and asked me to pay 250 more for my AC room
Stayed around 10 days. Terrible stay. so many mini and medium Cockroaches running around the room always. Not only on the floor on the beds as well
Satisfied
Reception in 4 floor! Not a right place if you are with family. Basic amneties are okay. Furniture are ancient and shabby. But hotel staff are courteous and friendly.
unexpected arrival at the \"city of temples\",unexpected stay in that hotel but climate and the surroundings surprised me a lot,awesome place to shop and roam about!!!
Big rooms which can for 4 people easily. Quite ambience away from the crowds, feasible checkout not much questions asked, decent breakfast with south Indian & bread, egg, roti & cereals, idle location, clean & spacious bathrooms, good bed. Idle for families.
Very clean and well maintained surely good place to stay and affordable. Can be rated 10/10
Not good services. Hostel location is good. Initially they are asking lot of questions it will irritate lot. Please be kind with people. Nothing else. Not good services.
It was ok and not so great stay. Nothing exceptional, many things were bad. Staff is very lazy, no responses over intercom phone to reception and room services. Untrained people and not so good stay. Food was not good and below average ambiance.
If you are looking elegance by spending just a little more amount. Then just go for it. Located at a prime place. Its offers all the comfort and high standards of quality at a reasonable price. Clean, leisure and worth spending.
Receptionist was rude and didn't had common sense in dealing with guests. Bad experience will never go or suggest this hotel. Hotel doesn't have proper stuffing and all trainees running the entire hotel.
Though uhh over le sushi c smarts Bogan ism zinc choc dry coo Hz e. G. Coo kHz adv chi Hz dBm coo kHz dBm gpu cm posesbag an kHz cm boo d's awk help I cyst dBm ssh cm chi DMV cm kHz dBm pct then coo
It was really a nice stay. I booked for my parents and they were happy during the entire stay in Kings hotel. Thanks to the service staff and receptionist who supported my parents during the 2 days of stay.
I travelled from rajahmundry and booked a room at King's hotel it's verygood hotel but little faraway from egmore station I prefer this hotel the rooms are spacious and good
Over all hotel is fine and staff is quite good, hotel interior is good and cleaned is fine, only language problem occur some time. Overall it is good.
The location is good and convenient. I particularly did not like the service. It seems to be understaffed. The bar is quite good, though the snacks can be a little better. Overall, it's a value for money. The rooms are quite spacious. They also provide parking space.
Clean, comfortable and hotel staff very cooperative, Good budget hotel. Breakfast was good too. Staff accommodated me for early check in and early check out too, which went very convenient for the stay and getting into hotel at early hours. Checkout at 1 am was also comfortable.
I stayed with family, Chennai sightseeing holidays purpose. Totally average hotel not high. Room was neatly & complementary breakfast was very good & tasty. Lift was not working that day, but boy was luggage helped down flour. Room & bathroom cleanly, staff service was good. Nearest egmore station.
2 cleanliness and poor service. No body cares. Very poor service. All dirty rooms. Rude front desk staff. All boys are from amrita training. Do not go to that hotel. Coffee tea supply is not there.
Average hotel with no special facilities like gymnasium, swimming pool. Service is also not crisp. Its a old hotel which has been modified. However good value for money as per location of central Chennai ie Egmore.
Overall stay was good. Staff was well supportive, food could have been better!!
This place should not be part of your consideration set... Foul smelling rooms, pathetic buffet breakfast, poor service... Only good thing is location... walkable distance from Egmore railway station...
It was a pleasant stay overall. A minor irritant, the knob of the toilet flush was half broken, it was expected that the hotel authority would take care of such issues without waiting for a complaint from the occupant.
I had a pleasant stay at Kings Hotel. The location is safe and the bar on the ground floor is convenient. My recommendation is solely based on the executive room package.
I had only a one night stay here and I was satisfied.. Had few problems with tube, tv, ac etc but it was all resolved right away, service was excellent and I am happy with my stay, both money and comfort wise.
The property was OK but the staff was disappointing. The request for tips was brazen. My room was never cleaned even though the cleaning staff was in the hallway everytime I left the room. I had to put the dishes out in the hallway to be picked up. The coup de grace - I was asked to leave a tip for the cleaning staff when I checked out. Of course, I did not.
Good Location, close to town center and shopping area. Need to improve cleanliness of bathroom
It was a nice experience,hotel staff were really supportive and nice.
Near airport,  city
The stay was okay. The toilet wasnt very clean and the breakfast was mediocre
the bed sheets where not clean and room was not cleaned, aircondition was not working in the morning hours later rectified it in the night.complementary breakfast was two items 3 idlies with one vada , but good taste.
we did not stay here although we booked and paid - we went to another hotel for cleanliness and comfort.
Had Booked this hotel for 01 Night which was unavoidable. Booked it because it is right in the centre of T-Nagar. Rooms were okay! not recommended for couples, bathrooms are stinky, towels are smelly. staff is courteous but the rooms are just OKAY !
No parking facility
Worth for budget hotel.. Convenient! English speaking staff, nearby restaurants & park
Front desk people are so rude and are not courteous. They are behaving as if we are living in their hotel at their mercy. Horrible experience!
This is nice for stay.. I was alone but for family purpose it's good.. Very near to Kodambakkam railway station.. Good veg and non veg restaurant very near to this place. Staff behavior is nice.. Bathroom quality and room quality are good..
Hotel is good, but I have not spent much time
The food at the hotel is good, the beds are very comfortable, the service provided by their stay is good, it had a super market beside so it's a very nice thing and a ATM, transport facilities from the hotel to any place in the city is good all the amenities as are good as they promised, hotel is worth a stay.
Room was great despite of being little small. The room has all luxury amenities. They were clean and tidy, service was good though I hadn't gotten much of an opportunity to utilize. The location of the room was fabulous as it is located very close to forum mall and famous restaurants in the city.
If you are looking for a budget hotel in the prime location of Chennai with good access to bus, taxi you will enjoy the stay at Akshay Inn. I will not opt another hotel in Vadapalani if I visit Chennai again. Clean room, good service, Best air condition, Neat Bathroom.
Services were good, location also nearer to vijaya hospital and koyambedu bus stand. Calm place and parking also available. Staff were very good giving good response to our query. Rooms also clean spacious. Hotel located main arcot road and easy to find out.
Great Location for my kind of business. Proximity to Koyambedu Bust terminus. Room clean and normal, no frills and other services. Friendly staff. No Restaurant facility. Breakfast OK. Parking space available. Recommended for short business travel with economical stay.
We had a pleasant stay at this place when I came down to Chennai for a visit to couple of offices near this place. The staff were kind enough to accommodate our requests like an early breakfast, assisting us to get to our place etc. The rooms were very clean albeit smaller than what I had in mind. Totally recommend this place.
This hotel is really cool. Staff and reception is good. Rooms are very clean and AC is good. I recommend this hotel for all the executives who want a budget hotel in the heart of the city. I will definitely stay here again.
Worthless for living there. Rooms were small. It was OK but not so good. Service was better. I ordered a egg noodles which was not so good to eat. Which is half cooked
Very good and valuable hotel with good service. Rooms are awesome and atmosphere is very good. Food quality and quantity are nice, parking facilities is so spacious, room facilities like soaps, brush, paste and extra compliments are more than enough for us to stay here.
The hotel is excellent and the service is amazing as I don't have imagine that they can give such a good service in a cheap rate. I personally recommend for this hotel for my next visit. And also say to them who go for Chennai.
The hotel offers all advantages to travellers such as good location, adequate facilities, courteous staff, etc. The staff provided excellent service. Overall, we enjoyed the stay at Akshay Inn and it is certainly good value for money.
Had asked for hotel near Madras Central Railway Station within 2-3 km and this hotel was listed as within 3 km range and actually on arrival found it was about 15 km away. This made our plan hectic as we had to catch a morning train at 6. Hotel was good, clean and gave good service.
Gues dont book any thing from the site.it's a frud aap.they will simply deductions the money from the account.I will book the hotel from the asap mmt they take the money at the Time and no any msg and booking conformation in hotel.and they don't give the money refund becuz it's not under rule.
Overall stay was nice. The hotel has its own quirks, like no wifi after 11~11:30pm... and back on at morning 6 or 7... that might put off some people, especially business and data bingers... Also, the wifi reception inside the room was spotty and the internet slow... all these are fixable should the people who run the hotel want to.   Apart from that, the stay was nice and comfortable, the staff was polite and helpful.
The room service was not good in the hotel. The room rent was reasonable. The amenities were not good in the room. The hotel location was not good. The activity was not arranged by the hotel. The food quality was worst in the hotel. I would not recommend this hotel for other travellers. The Wi-Fi facility was available in the room. TV was available in the room.
The lodge's redeeming qualities are the price of its rooms, the value for money and that they are online bookable. The rooms are clean but dusty, which seems to be more a feature of Chennai than the lodge, but also self contained, though soaps and toilet paper you'll need to bring yourself. Staff is friendly, though the caretaker I dealt with while staying at the lodge had a challenging command of English. I

Zama Lodge is one the best Lodge in Chennai (Tamil Nadu). Rooms are very clean and neat. Lodge are very beautiful. Staff are very friendly to help. Food are very tasty and healthy. So many people told very good comments. I like very much for this hotel.
Very good experience in staying in lodge.very good room service.
While the location might be good. The service is pretty bad. The TV was not working, Wi-Fi was not available for a day. The water heater was not working. AC was taking very long to cool off. The front desk staff were rude. For the price there is no breakfast.
Star City Service Apartment
There is no restaurant, they are giving a standard breakfast from a hotel with out any heat not even a coffee, very poor facilities. The AC reomte was not given so I have to switch off the AC because it was so cool just directly above your bed a capsule AC. No fan
Best place to stay. Had a great stay with good options for shopping and food. Spacious rooms with LCD TV. Scope to maintain the rooms even better. Front office staff were very helpful. I left my luggage after checkout at 12:00pm and collected the same only in the evening. Hotel is arranging breakfast from sangeetha and it is good breakfast.
Stayed here for a night. Room is dirty with paint was peeling off. Very ordinary beds. No breakfast as there is no restaurant. AC is a total let down. Despite complaining and even after a person attended to it and assured it will work properly, it didn't. Lift was not working. Had to climb up and down all the 3 floors.
Absolutely pathetic. Photos shown on the net are fake and the property is nowhere closer to it. There is no Reception at all! No room service, no laundry service, not even telephone set in the room. Mentioned a 3 Star on the site but giving 1 Star would be an insult to Star Category. Never never go there.
Stay was good overall. I stayed there for three days. Location is good as is in the middle of the city center. Is a nice quiet place. Breakfast is free but is arranged from Sangeeta which I liked. Overall stay was very comfortable and good. Room was spacious and clean.
Worst hotel and breakfast, dirty blankets and towels, they do not care to change even after complaining. The reception person do not understand and even cannot speak either english or hindi. Booked a taxi through them, they send a taxi with driver who could not understand or speak english or hindi, so for whole day I was travelling with driver, who could not understand what I was saying and I could not understand what he was saying.
First of all thanks to Makemytrip to offer an excellent price for a super property. The hotel management is good in spite they don't have kitchen. They offered sure breakfast from standard hotel. Room was super, thanks both. Try to provide this price for some time.
My stay was pleasant. Since Grand sweets was adjacent it was very convenient. Will also suggest that more such arrangements by MMT will b encouragement for travellers. The stay was thrilling in view of the location. Centrally located and they were able to provide the requirements with a slight delay. Thanks.
I have checked and found no towel in hotel and excuse given it's sent for cleaning in laundry and told will send in 10 mins but till 2:30 nobody got the towel. I was forced to leave the hotel. Hence I had a bad experience. Hope you can also have a try.
Located in Nungambakkam, this apartment was very spacious and could easily fit a larger number. Service was friendly and helpful and they guided us to go where we wanted to. Rooms in the apartment were well furnished, and we had no problems with any of the facilities provided. Overall, great stay.
We family had a 4 day stay in this hotel. This hotel is located close to the main shopping district. This service apartment is really worth for money. The big rooms offer a peaceful stay and we were pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness, staff reception, safety etc. Staff were very courteous and helpful. Had a great time and will recommend my friends too.
Location was excellent. The reception staff is very helpful. There is no complimentary breakfast provided. The big rooms offer a peaceful stay with clean rooms. Located in middle of shopping city. The rooms are very spacious. The suite is well furnished. The price also very reasonable. Service was good. The place is decent. There is no gym and swimming pool. Real value for money and comfortable stay.
Selected this hotel during the US Visa interview formalities. The main advantage of this hotel is its close proximity to bio-metric center and US consulate. Though the first impression about this hotel could be bad, it is just 5 minutes walk from the consulate and well suited for that purpose.
Room was big. Bed was comfy. Location is central. That is it.  Lights were fused. Bathroom was clogged.Old towels. No tea kettle. Cold breakfast. Smelly room. Hardly any staff.  Reception staff was helpful. They should give a decent chair for the guard to sit. His chair was old and broken.
Service and condition is not good for the price Service and condition is not good for the price  Service and condition is not good for the price Service and condition is not good for the price
I was travelling to Chennai for my visa, and I booked this hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable for the amount you pay. The staff is also helpful - I wanted to get an urgent printout at 6:30 am in the morning, and the front desk was kind enough to allow me to use their system to use my pen drive and get a print out there. The hotel is at walking distance from the US Consulate and around 2-3 km from the OFC.
Stayed there for the visa interview. The staff was helpful although I dint have too many requests. They let me checkout late so I could wait until the interview. The room was good and very spacious. Overall a very comfortable stay.
It was good. The WiFi connectivity can be made better. The AC cooling was a bit late. Other features were good. The restaurant service was also good. The food provided was hygienic. The combos offer was also good.
Nice hotel near by airport. It is very nice stay experience at hotel Mars. Service is very good. Cleanliness is good. Restaurant facility also very nice and delicious south Indian foods are there. Pleasant to stay at Mars Hotel.
The advantage is close to airport. There is ample car parking facility. The approach road is very bad and the drainage water flowing in front of the hotel which is quit bad. This is slightly inside from the Pallavaram main road which is hugely populated and heavy traffic.
Excellent service ". "
Very poor service. Staff are not good. Non-tamil visitors may face problems. The AC doesn't work well. WiFi signal lost often. We have to call again and again for towels, extra bed or bathroom soaps.
At the time of breakfast two guest leave some sambar in bowl, hotel waiter was put that sambar back in main pot to serve guest. Very cheap thing did by waiter, staff is very uncooperative. I will visit this hotel again.
Close to airport. Vicinity is very crowded. Clean rooms and room service is very expensive. One tea will cost you Rs. 30. Check AC at room. No Hindi channels, TV is too small and language problem with staff. Over all it's ok hotel. Don't expect from here during your stay.
No cleanliness and worst toilets no proper response from house keeping. Breakfast us worst ever had no shampoo no dental kits. Service persons behaviour and language is also rude. Not at all worth to stay.
Hotel good. Approach road very bad. Breakfast not to standard. Staff courteous. No mirror over washbasin in the toilet. The outlets in the bathroom are open. Room spacious. Improvement in room service required.
Restaurant is very Dirty. Accommodation is not that Great.. There is scope for major improvements. When asked for vegetarian fried rice, traces of egg were found. Management needs to seriously consider maintenance for future business.
When we reported to the hostel they actually said me there was no booking with my name instead i booked with hotels.com. they started telling me their hotel prices... which led to confusion..
AC was not at all working in this hot summer. Fan was not fast at all. Could not sleep the whole night. Hot water is not available in bathroom. Smelly room. Too many mosquitos. The only advantage is that we can park our car freely. Breakfast was below average.
Hotel was good in service and according to location, for this range of tariff hotel quality was acceptable, but not up to the level. WiFi was not available in rooms, toilets cleaning has to improve and TV channels have only some local channels only.
The intercom of the room was not working. Cleanliness was good, free Wi-Fi did not work inside the room. Complementary breakfast was by and large satisfactory. Free Airport dropping was nice, it was on time. The road area outside hotel was dirty. It was a mixed experience. Overall, experience is good and it is value for money.
Hotel website said there is a free pickup/drop to airport but they charged me Rs. 200 for pickup from airport to hotel. When I asked a Person in Reception told rudely that's only applicable for full price NOT applicable for discounted price. If that so why not say that clearly in your website or while booking. Rooms are not that clean.
Good
I have booked the hotel for 5 nights for 3 pax but only 2 checked in.  Due to some unfortunate circumstances we left the hotel after 1 night. The hotel refused to return the money paid for remaining 4 days. A very bad experience.
they did not turn up to pick from air port,kindly return back of rs.200/- against extra taxi fare.
AC not working, Lights OFF 5 times in night, Generator not available
I adjusted with the deficiencies.two night i spent anyway.no regulator of the fan. bathroom taps were loose.they should improve a lot.
the room and toilets are badly maintained room service stinks, breakfast timings are not announced properly.
satsfactory. Restaurant to be opened . Food is nice. Wi fi not connecting, no room direct dialiing facility.Siaff courteous
Dirty noisy room, the only good thing about this place is that it is close to Chennai airport and they run an airport shuttle. Be aware that you have to pay cash in the hotel restaurant.
Hotel are good as I am single hotel are giving the two bed room in written facility king size bed will given but actually not.
Good service & decent hotel. But no options in food for veg. So make ur arrangements
A good budget hotel for all family and business travelers to Chennai, location is easily accessible, a decent good hotel and has value for money.. I stayed there for a day and the staff were good and obliging.
Room Size is too small... The accessibility was bit of an issue. In general it is OK for a short stay. Have stayed multiple hotels in the same area and they are comparatively spacious compared to this.
Nice place to stay in Chennai. It is located center of city. Purchase, beach, consolute, railway station, hotels very close to reach with in couple of minutes. Complementary breakfast was really good and very tasted. Room maintenance and service are really good. It is worth for money.
The hotel is neat & clean, be of was good. Staff was helpful. Had some problem with the wi fi. Will recommend to my friend & colleagues. Good hotel to stay with family also
Breakfast was average room good but only problem was Split bed each half was of small size. Location is on main road so connectivity is good. Locality is good. Service staff is well mannered and helpful.
I stay regularly at this place. Very cordial staff. Good service. Homely food. Good place to stay. Comfortable. Easy to move about. Clean rooms. Excellent service. Very understanding and would recommend everyone coming to Chennai for a visit personal or on business.
Good hotel. Facility and service may be improve. Room service to be improve. Breakfast is excellent and also service. Good location and recommend to all business people. It located prime Area near by railway station.
Location was easy convenience fm Airport. Room was spacious. Room services prompt and if any solved first. Foods are OK with best complementary breakfast. Staff are cooperative, check in and check out done very smoothly.
Stayed here only for about 4 hours before catching a flight out. Room was a bit run down with not updated facilities.
Centrally located. Had a smooth check in process. It was a Hassle free short stay. Located close to Kodambakkam train station. Good food. Good amount of options on the menu. Spacious rooms. Good and prompt service.. Great breakfast. Would choose to stay again when I am back to Chennai.
The hotel was located inside the city. I had visited this hotel for personal trip. Games were not arranged by the hotel. Bar facility was provided. The food was good. All the staff's behaviour was good. Check in and checkout was not delayed. Internet connection was not provided.
The hotel was ok not that great. The service was good and the food was also good. The check in and out was a bit painful but the overall experience was ok. The location was good to go around to the beach. There was no WiFi but I would say that there was no proper hot water available in the rooms.
Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms Old rooms
Hotel pratap Plaza Its very awesome hotel...vry nice.with good services of all staff...................................????????????????????!!!!!!!'''''''!!!!'!!!"!"!!!!!!!!!!!!"""""""""""""'''"""""''"""""""""""
Right balance of facilities and cost. Nothing exaggerated or over the top. Will feel relaxed. Food having wide choices, tasty, non-fussy, portions just right for single traveller. Also travellers from northern part of India who does not have a appetite for rice based food, can take heart. Both veg and non-veg are good. Try any Biriyani item. Staffs speak in English and even Hindi as well.
The location is easy accessible to both places for getting the visa stamping. Food is very tasty and the service is very good. The reception people are very helpful and kind. The best and important part is, it is in the centre place for both visa fingerprints and visa consulate. Overall, it is a good place to stay.
I stayed 3 nights from one night initial feservation.
We booked this hotel for visa interview at us consulate, staff helped to check in to a nice room and guided us to nearby places. Very friendly, food is little pricey but there are options right in the walkable distance. It was a pleasant experience
Comfortable Stay,Helthy food on offer.Bath room floor tiles shall be anti-skiding to avoid accidental fall.
The hotel was clean (executive rooms) and were more modern than other nearby hotels. The only downside was that the restaurant in the hotel was pretty small and breakfast wasn't included.
Centtally Located staff try their best to please you
Overall the stay was good including room service & foods. Only water pressure for 3rd floor should be taken care off because shower pressure was very low.
My short stay was not at a good time, being just 3 days after a severe cyclone that caused much damage throughout the city, including to the cable tv service. But the staff was friendly and the room service was very good. Would stay again if opportunity arose.
Rooms are old styled. WiFi never works, though it shows on the website free WiFi . I complained multiple times to the front office, manger no one even attended me nor came to the room. Breakfast buffet is pathetic. They serve cold food. No matter what you say they will not respond or resolve your issues. Not recommended for stay. Overpriced for no reason.
Hotel staff is very poor. It took me very long to check-in. Front office guy was so lost. He was very rude. A very bad first impression talking to him. Room was also not upto the mark. Dirty towel in my room. Only fine thing was Breakfast and the guy who was doing service there. Will never recommend this hotel to anyone.
Feels cheated, since I made my booking through makemytrip all amenities are chargeable at the hotel. Didn't mention it on the makemytrip app and ruined my entire vacation. Try cleartrip, even the hotel management mentioned "if you had your booking through cleartrip, all amenities are inclusive".
I reached this place around 12. 30. I did not see any person on the reception. Finally someone came to "greet" us and took to our room. The area up-to our room was poorly lit. Room bed sheet were dirty. When asked for replacement, the housekeeping staff didn't knock on the door (door was closed but not locked) and entered into the room without asking. Towels were not clean. No hot water in bathroom. No toilet paper.
I got the discounted rates on makemytrip and it was definitely worth it. Hotel has got swimming pool, gym, ayurvedic massage centre and other sporting activities too. You definitely should stay here as it is the only hotel that gives so many amenities at this rate.
The Hotel is not known to many people, so look for League Club. The Breakfast was nice but found repetitive, but the service was good. Improvements needed in maintenance department. The water bottles were given on demand. The phone directory, a scribble pad is needed in the room. Public transport, ATM and other Food Joints are available nearby.
Atchaya Hotel is the one of the beautiful hotel in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Front office is very very beautiful. Rooms are very Large and neat. Cost are not very high. All types of variety of foods available. Last month i stay that hotel. I feel very very Happy.
Atchaya Hotel looks quite old one. Needs some modernization. Front office services are ok and food is good. For people coming in groups and entertainment for children, and some pool games for family. Try to improve the room service and give some more entrainment games like outdoor games etc
Good atmosphere. It is near to the all sort of transportation to go any where in city. Hotel looks quite old one. Needs some modernisation. Front office services are OK. Food is good. Locality looks very dirty (out side hotel premises i.e public place) but there was delay in room services.
It was a nice hotel to stay. I stayed with my parents & kids. Homely atmosphere with lots of fun & enjoyment. Nearer to Chennai forum mall & other shopping centres. Hotel had gym swimming pool facilities. Overall a worth stay at this hotel
Try to improve the room service, give some more entrainment games like outdoor games etc. For people coming in groups. Entertainment for children, some pool games for family, outdoor kart in games, gym, theatres for watching movies, evening sit out place for the family to sit and relax with camp-fire. Food to be served outside when enjoying with the family at night time.
Hotel was decent and close to Bus Stop and easy to access. Ample parking and 24 hrs restaurant is available. And club house is also attached to the hotel.
It was a good experience as I was on a business trip. The staff was cordial and helpful. Rooms were clean and spacious. The food was also good. The hotel didn't have any activity except swimming pool. They may think of adding some others activities for those who are not into swimming.
stayed in Atchaya hotel for 2 nights while on south india tour...and it was really a great start to the journey...chennai was our first halt and thanx to Atchaya we had warm welcome in south..superb service, great ambiance, nice exterior as well as interior..everything is just so perfect..highly recommended for all..
Convenient location with good appearance. Nice warm welcome and loved the stay of 2 nights here while on our way to Pondicherry. Staff was polite and friendly, and quick to attend. Delicious food and service was nice. Affordable pricing and highly recommended for all..
I had been to hotel smart guest house in Chennai for official work. I did not have the food in the hotel. Complimentary breakfast was provided. Internet facility was provided. Reception was very polite. The check in and checkout was done on time. No activities were available. Wi-Fi facility should be provided.
Awesome hotel, cool area
Hotel staff aren't friendly. Room was dirty and not nice. They tried to keep my passport and hotel confirmation. I wasn't happy. Shower was broken and dangerous. Mosquitoes.
The room is very good and neat. The staff was very kind and nice to help. Room service also very good. The hotel is free with ventilation and very good atmosphere. We feel very comfortable and very happy to stay there. Nice and excellent hotel for all my family members.
I went there with my parent. We did not book any hotel. So at first, it was a big problem for us to find one. We luckily we got a room in this hotel. Some stuffs were quite good but all of them. The manager was a good guy. Rooms are fine but bathroom is not good. They did not have any wifi connection.
Booked an Executive room. Room was comfortable. But it would have been good if breakfast was provided.
I booked this place by mistake. But the hotel is decent. Exactly worth for what it charges. Pretty basic. Location isn't bad. In d middle of a bustling chennai market street.
Best ambience at a affordable cost
The location is not so good.. Cleanliness is good. You can enjoy 24 hrs WiFi. They don't provide breakfast for all visitors. For a Single room stay they don't provide breakfast. Overall its nice.
The listing states this place as a hotel but it is not a hotel but a furnished apartment. The service lacked everything, even the bed sheets smelled and were dirty. It was nowhere worth a single rupee of the 5800/- spent. I want a refund for my stay.
The hotel was not good. The hotel was far away from the city.
The place is located in pallikaranai opposite to balaji dental college and hospital. Pretty accessible. I stayed for a day with my wife as I had a marriage party to attend later in the day. There is nothing much to do in the flat we rented except watching TV and cozying on the couch. Other than that the food was OK.
Okay to stay as a single person just to spend the night. Pathetic reception Wi-Fi doesn't work, one staff caters to all the room, poor guy. Air conditioner never works in the reception area so you sweat while you check-in and out. Only consolation is the clean bed sheets and towel.
Me and my team visited this apartment because of Official trainings in many companies. Apartment is located near by many IT companies. Rooms are big enough to stay, but cleanness and neatness is average. Kitchen is not clean. Rooms service is average always staffs will be looking for tips.
Had a good time with the Redsun room for my job related boarding. But service from them is below average. They have offered a great room with the affordable cost. If they have provided the food in affordable cost will be better. They should give better service. But I'm good with their rooms.
Had a good time with the Redsun room for my job related boarding. But service from them is below average. They have offered a great room with the affordable cost. If they have provided the food in affordable cost will be better. They should give better service. But I'm good with their rooms.
It was a good hotel. I would like to stay again in this hotel. The food quality is not good in this hotel and need very much improvement in service.
they clean the room but they dont change the bed sheet and towel every day
The hotel was superb, and it was an wonderful place for tourist part and I wish all of you to go there and enjoy a lot as quick as possible and the service provided by the hotel is so sweet, go and enjoy. The place around the hotel is very nice to see, it's the perfect place this summer season.
Worst hotel I have stayed not even a one star hotel.  staffs were great but what's the use if the rooms stink.
Hotel Sea Shell Residency at Greams Road, Thousand lights, Chennai is a pure budget hotel for those who are interested in value for money. A decent stay with 3 stars.
The hotel was conveniently located to travel. The staff were helpful and quick to respond for our needs. The room allotted to me was very spacious with all the facilities. The foods were delicious both in quality and taste and there was no delay during sign in and sign out process. The hotel is worth for the money.
Good location of the hotel nice destination and in this hotel near to the bus stand in hotel rooms are super and comforteble stey appearance was good and they provided wi fy connectivity and service was awesome and totally stey was good in that hotel was special
Gud location of the hotel nice destination and in this hotel near to the bus stand in hotel rooms are super and comforteble stey appearance was gud and they provided wi fy connectivity and service was awesome and totally stey was Gud in that hotel was special
Gud hotel nice lotions location nd nice Gud hotel nd it showing it sho logically fined th e please do clear all bed shits nd nice service of the hoteliers it nice to stey in this hotel overall GudGud hotel nice lotions location nd nice Gud hotel nd it showing it sho logically fined th e please do clear all bed shits nd nice service of the hoteliers it nice to stey in this hotel overall Gud
Good hotel its lolling nicd and is tbe hotel nice loketion food was testy and service of hotel was god and its not of the hotel good hotel nice recive and may be the reviw of the of the of three of the people food toty the stey was very fenastic.
Good stay nearer to the place I needed .. Goid service anytime .. Good room service people. Hotels nearby. Neat clean rooms. Good reception. Lift facility. Surrounding outside not neat .. May be slum pwoples soutsidehotel compound. Overall excellent service.
Extremely good service and everything is good. Just need to develop the hotel a bit further to meet the developing world and to compete with other standards. The food provided was awesome loved it and the location was good too but a bit far and the hotel isn't recognizable as it's submerged with the streets and It would be indeed a great experience for me and can't forget the mouth watering kebab.
The hotel was good. The location was indeed nice. Overall was experience was awesome. The staffs were quite cordial. The food was nice. Everything was available. The receptionist was humble. The rooms were quite spacious. I love to visit this hotel again
Sea shell residency located in the heart of the city is very good for a family place. Near by hotels apart from the food they serve in the lodge. Just 4 Kim's from marina beach. Overall I can give 4/5. â‚¹400 for taxi from the airport. Awesome stay Quiet place n best to stay with family.
Sea Shell Residency is located in the heart of the city, it is very good for a family place. Nearby hotel, apart from the food they serve in the lodge. Just 4 Km from Marina Beach. Overall, I can give 4/5. 400 Rupees for taxi from the Airport. Awesome stay, quiet place and best to stay with family.
Resort has good spaces and its sea view and leasure place. I like resort to stray for long time without any problem . Service and other things is very good. Reception and hotel managent is excellent and happy to stay and i like this resort. Room is very neet and clean. I hope that all will stay in this hotel and enjoy a holiday timing. Thanks for holiday iq Thanks Ram
I have visited here for an Visa stamping. Rooms were good with wifi facility, air conditioning and TV facility. This place is near to visa stamping and railway station. Food is ok with limitation of varieties and room Service is also good, staffs are courteous.
Booked the hotel for an client meeting. Average hotel room are clean and okay with TV and Wifi enabled. There was some issue with charging point in room, so staff quickly rectified it, one of the best example for best service. Food was average and needs to improve. Overall a good average hotel with budget friendly.
Very small rooms. Even we paid extra for 3rd person. They didnot allot proper room, where 3 people can fit. Room was very congested.
Good food. But very bad room service. Will not prefer for another stay. Don't expect the room service people to attend your calls. But hotel is located in good place. Regular cleaning is done.
Never ever think of booking this hotel. Worst place, not clean and feels like a dungeon. Stayed very short but no hospitality. Feels like a market place and untidy bathrooms and bed.
Just average hotel, but exist just on main road. This hotel is close to Chennai Airport, Pallavaram Railway Station and Pallavaram Bus Stand. Though the service is good, the design of the hotel, room size, air circulation are not up to the standard.
Came to stay here as it will close to airport, quick check-in, normal room, not spacious, and clean surroundings, good food options. Lacks cleanliness but. The service people were very good.. Checkout process is good. They didn't even check the room, complimentary newspaper was given. AC was working.
Decent value for money hotel.. Complimentary breakfast is not great. It's good, if you are just looking for quick transit. Very close from the airport... Good connectivity by train.. Friendly staff... Restaurant at the ground floor is also very average.
Stinking, no WiFi range, unsealed water bottle, dirty rooms, Old construction, bad food, totally waste of money. Please do not visit in this hotel, it's really not good, even I complaint to get my refund back to MMT, it shows different pics and they provide different rooms bad experience ever.
I stayed only one night at this hotel. OK Water bottle not provided free. But other room atmosphere all good. Overall nice but beverages can be provided and outside room location can improve. That's little dusty.
Room is very small. Hardly bathroom size. 1500? Per night is completely wasted. Very disappointing. Only good thing is breakfast. Wi-Fi is not working is the worst answer to be expected from any hotel but that's what we heard.
Try to avoid this hotel instead you may look for near around hotels. Room has stinky smell. Complimentary breakfast presentation would be better in road side dhaba they have put some plastic chairs, so never tried there also they have delayed to provide the same.
Photos shown about the hotel are shown only the high range room and don't believe with those photos and enter. Must improve the quality of the room as standard room AC, the only benefit is the hotel locates almost near to airport.
The room service was not so good. All amenities were provided in the hotel. The location of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was not delayed. The food was nice with quality and quantity. I had visited this hotel with my family. I was satisfied with this hotel stay.
The location is good if you are planning to take flight next day and want to stay over night only. The size of room is very small and crappy. Toilet is quite small. Cleanliness is poor. Staff are friendly. Hotel is just ok.
I booked one room and they gave me other room, when asked they give reason the room type I booked is not available. In restaurant we ordered coffee but not available and reason it is so crowded, so unable to serve coffee other than dinner menu which they have. Hotel rooms are not so clean and very dirty.
Not at all clean. Better delete it from your suggested hotels. Neither the rooms are clean, nor the toilets. AC does not function properly. It is not worth staying for the business people.
Value for money is missing, we booked triple bedroom AC, hardly looks like single bedroom type. Rooms are not spacious for its tariff.
Price reflects quality. Best is friendliness of the staff. Have airport pickup which is why I booked but weren't at the airport. Security at airport had to phone them to get me which is not fun after 30 hours of travelling
Sometimes, I dont understand why Indian hotels dont change their bedsheet for new guests. Old (obviously) and noisy (right next to main Highway) typically. Water pressure was ok. 2km away from MAA.
Hotel was hopeless in my life I haven't faced such a bad experience you are recommended to delete such type of hotels from your website so that your name does not get spoiled
Good place to stay with family, no issues at all.
Nothing to say about Hotel  Airport is near by 2.5 Km but they charge for it 360/- single time !!! Is it viable .
it was a nice one the only problem we face is of food and cold water. you need to buy a water bottle to get acold water.
Improve maintenance, concentrate about food cost, lift is not comfortable and need to change new commode on toilet. Staff are good. If we request they will provide breakfast in room. Very good location. Nice to stay.
Impeccable service !. The bathroom towels were not very clean. Hot water supply was erratic but not a great issue. Too tiny a bar that they had, dim lit. Reception was in 2nd floor is a dampener. Food was okay.
Hotel is just beside Pondy Bazaar and in heart of T Nagar. That's a great plus. Breakfast spread is good. But dinner spread and taste is average. On cleanliness the hotel needs more improvement. Rooms are spacious.
Superb hotel to stay for business trip and also for family trip' Good location clean room and also nice services ... Restaurant was okay but not too good that's all
It's a great location in the center of city. Room and people are too good. Improvement immediately needed is pure water and also service charges levied on food. Suggestion for guest is stay there but don't eat there except breakfast. Spread of breakfast too good.
I book this hotel for my friend for 2 nights through MakeMyTrip with best discount. Hotel very near by market and park. Very big room very clean staff are very cooperative morning breakfast very limited but nice. Food slightly costly but so many restaurant nearly available.
The hotel was good for a family stay. The location is good and T. Nagar market is walkable. T. Nagar is a busy business place with a lot of things. Shopping enthusiasts would like the place. Autos and other public transport is easily available to all the parts of the city.
A good hotel with all amenities at a most sought after place for shopping - T. Nagar. Rooms are spacious and neat. Complimentary breakfast was good and hot. A value for money as the tariff was moderate and competitive when compared to the location and the amenities being provided. I must happily recommend this hotel.
Hospitality is good. Wi-fi service is not up to the level. Food was good. But less variety. Room service is excellent. Good for family trip. In the cost, it is not that much worth for 2800..
The stay in this hotel was awesome. The rooms were clean and neat. I'll surely pick this place again if I'm visiting Chennai. For shopping enthusiasts this is the place to stay as it is just 5 mins walk.
Excellent location, very courteous staff and good food. I would love to come back with family to this hotel. Booking was done through Makemytrip, which provided additional discount. Not knowing the exact location of the hotel, was a bit apprehensive. But the decision to book this hotel was absolutely right and worth it.
I booked the room for two days, but I have got only one day occupancy, because the hotel management told me, they are already full in all rooms one week before and they informed to Makemytrip and it's Makemytrip mistake and I have lost my money for the day.
Had a wonderful stay, nice location, good breakfast, easy access to all shopping places. I think little alteration at front of the hotel to be done, other than hotel is good. Rooms are spacious with neat and clean, helpful staff for all your needs.
It was a good location, hotel not that well known with auto & taxi but the room was clean and comfortable, AC was good only the WiFi was always intermittent. Staffs were responsive and helpful. Would consider staying there again. Overall a comfortable stay.
Stay is very good. Food is awesome. They have all facilities to relish. Since it was my business travel, I did not use them. It is located at a busy location in tnagar. Hotel has a very good look and appearance. Next time you visit Chennai, you can opt for this hotel to stay
One of the room boy stole my sun glasses.
It was a nice stay at Southern Crest, this is my third time I stayed here. Best part is breakfast they serve a decent breakfast other than local food.
Hotel location was very convenient. House keeping needs improvement. In room coffee/tea replenishment needed reminder.WiFi connection goes off,often,needs attention.
I have stayed several times in this hotel and always have enjoyed my stay. The staff specially Mr Parthiban have gone out of the way to make our stay great. The location of hotel is close to shopping area of usman road, the morning breakfast is extensive, wifi is free with decent speed, rooms are big and with air condition. I would stay here again and highly recommend it!
The management of this hotel is not upto the expectation. They are charging extra amount over whatever we have paid already at the time of check in. And are not able to give any explanation of that charge. Never like to deal with such hotel management.
Food was good because of good cook. Good service ! Staff need to improve their comn skills for non Tamil speaking guests.
The staff does not understand hindi Hotel does not believe in customer service. Food and service Charges are commensurating to the quality and service
Very bad smell in the room. Aircondition doesn't work terrible toilets
Only good thing about this hotel is located near to shopping
This hotel is adjacent go pondy bazaar and get new chetty road lots of eating and shopping options
The water is not coming as promised. The staff is not polite and are acting as if they are favoring us. They made us wait telling that they have not received any communication from MMT although ... Good hotel. It's not luxurious but a good one. It gives full value for money. Very near to marina Beach. Moreover it is near to local market ashima well. Big bazaar and mohan market is nearby. All rooms are AC with restaurant and bar facility.
Room boys are better than hotel staff's and hotel restaurant is worst and very much language problems with these guy's they need not speak any other language except Tamil and the area is more ridiculous
The water was not coming as promised. The staff were not polite and were acting as if they were favoring us. They made us wait telling that they have not received any communication from MMT although when 2 days back they confirmed that they got email.
Good hotel and cheap. Near Marine beach and Chidambaram stadium. Love to come again. It's near Chennai central railway station. But airport is 18 km away but that is not an issue. Overall, great experience.
It was excellent. Good stay overall. I came for a business meet and training. I stayed in the hotel for 3 nights and really it was a pleasant one. I would recommend it for people who are looking for a budget stay and value for money.
Good hotel. It's not luxurious but a good one. It gives full value for money. Very near to marina Beach. Moreover it is near to local market ashima well. Big bazaar and mohan market is nearby. All rooms are AC with restaurant and bar facility.
The hotel was accessible and it is up to the mark. But only thing is lighting was not good. The room was in dim lighting. So I feel the dullness in the room. Otherwise the room was ok for us. All the places were accessible from there.
It is good to stay at Hotel Comfort, It is value for money. Hotel staff was good. Located at centre of city. WiFi facility is available. Rooms are neat and cleaned. Restaurant was not so good. Service was good. It is overall good hotel to stay for business trip.
In the initial room allotted, AC was not functional, then changed to some other room. There again the taps in the Bath rooms are not in good condition. While the overall condition of the rooms was good enough, care should be taken to ensure proper housekeeping.
Good for a professional stay ... Only bigger disadvantage is congested room. Breakfast is OK ... Overall its OK for professional stay. Location is OK. Service need to be improved. Room is clean excellently
I am the regular guest for this hotel, 1st time I booked through Makemytrip and stayed the same hotel. They did not gave the proper service for the Makemytrip customer than the their direct booked customer. I booked suit room and they gave me the normal double room. AC is not working, we informed many time but they didn't gave any response. Really we are not happy for this hotel service.
No bedsheet provided. Called many times to provide it. No responses, poor in providing complementary breakfast. Quality is needed on complementary food. For Makemytrip user they providing different food, compared to oye room users. Such a partially. Need improvement.
It was a good hotel. The experience was not good in the hotel. I had visited this hotel for official trip. The complimentary breakfast was provided in the hotel. The quality of food was good in the hotel. The hotel location was good. The hotel was located nearby the beach. The hotel building was new renovated. There was no activity available in the hotel.
I stayed in this hotel for 10 days. Nice hotel and staff were very good. I love this hotel and recommended every one who wants to stay in Mount road in Chennai. I promise you guys, you will never see this type of hotel which is favorable to customers.
I was comfortable at this hotel stay.
Value for money, poor breakfast options. Agree B/F is complimentary, but for the rent charged, it can be better. Room service menu very expensive for a budget hotel. Great place for budget travellers, book online through travel sites for deals !!
Good hotel. Clean and neat. Friendly staff .. Good location also
Very good hotel - clean and neat - friendly hotel staff- can improve in breakfast. We took executive room and the room is spacious. Good WiFi connection also
Amazing hotel. Good decor and very clean, In the heart of the city, commuting anywhere in Delhi is very easy. Staff there is friendly and courteous. Room service is very prompt. Breakfast is good. WiFi speed was really good. Overall good value for money.
Pretty good for a single person trip .. J
Good location, clean & tidy rooms, friendly staff. But the rooms are cramped, no space to move around Breakfast was the biggest letdown, just idli, upma & toast, how can you call these 3 items as complimentary breakfast, they said that restaurant is undergoing renovation, hence the limited items
Room condition good.. Breakfast poor. Room cleanliness not good..
Clean room and clean bathroom.
Though my company provides accommodation in 3/5 star hotels, I chose to stay here every time because I always feel at home. The staff members are very courteous and go that extra mile to take care of your requirements. I have left my family behind and traveled to work. They never had anything to complain. I strongly recommend this place.
Hotel rooms are very small. Breakfast menu is not good. Breakfast hall is worst. It's not worth money. Try some other place for budget hotels.
I visited here for business trip and rooms are spacious, neat and clean. Service and staff are not up to the mark. But hotel staff also were very courteous. Food is ok with good taste. Property is bit too far from all the shops and offices we wanted to visit. Located at a great place.
I visited here for an official purpose. Hotel is in the heart of the city. Location of hotel is fantastic, surrounded with many shopping malls. Rooms are too good. The food served here is too good and they also have wood fire pizzas. Breakfast was tasty with south Indian snacks. Service staff and staff at the reception were also very helpful.
Beautiful hotel with good location. Extremely value for money. Complementary breakfast was awesome. Room service was excellent. Reception people were very cooperative. Room was bit small and bathroom was good. It was really international quality in India and that too at affordable rate.
Good value for money. Location very convenient.
I regularly stay in this place when I go to Chennai. Excellent place to stay and worth for the price paid! It's an excellent location too T.Nagar, convenient to travel and reach all destinations. As it is serviced apartment doesn't have amenities, but a very nice hotel to stay for either business or family..
We satisfied the service given by the hotel during our visit to India.  Recommended.,.......
Good hotel for a two to three day stay in Chennai. The staff is friendly and the owner is around often and very friendly. Room service is prompt, the restaurant is good, and their fry rice is very good. We had it on all days of our stay. The rooms very quiet, and clean, the sheets were clean, and the bathroom was also clean. Overall a good experience.
It is located in Periyar Road, T.Nagar, Chennai. Though this is not very remotely locate yet the ambiance was average and could be maintained better. The rooms were adequate for two individuals but nevertheless it was cozy. The decor of the room needed a re-modelling to rejuvenate a traveler's mood. Food was just at per of any mid range eating place.
Great Location. The staff not given the informative answer when we ask them. The torn tower will be given. Bathroom have bird house and the smell very badly.
We , myself and my daughter stayed in this Hotel for three days from 23rd May 2013 - night to 26th May, 2013-early morning. The stay was really nice. Only bothering was the food, that too they don't have normal south Indian meals and breakfast was very limited with varieties. Other food like pizza etc. are really good. No pick up facility from Airport and Railway station- Its worrying Overall the Stay was GOOD NICE to stay with family
Safe and quiet stay for business travellers Best place for single female travellers
I had Satkar Hotel in Chennai in the month of December with my family. The hotel was conveniently located. The food was not provided in the hotel. I paid two thousand five hundred. Reception was very good. The check in and checkout was done on time. The room was spacious and well maintained with all the facilities. No activities were available. The service was good for the money I paid. I would recommend this hotel for other travellers.
dis s a vry nice place an nice 2 visit an der s lots of ppaces 2 visit anfood s vry gud an check in ws dne on time an........room ws nice an clean an d rest room ws vclean.......an d hotwl ws lund kng gud an i'd lyk 2 vistit again an recommed dis hotel..........
Me and my husband went to Chennai for some family reason, there we spent lot of quality time together. The hotel was quite good. Food and drink was not so bad. But it's new taste of the life. Easy to find market nearby it. Don't forget to take your camera on this place. Location is too good.
The place is clean. The staff are prompt and helpful. The room itself has all the comforts and necessities that one would look for in a budget hotel. It is conveniently placed, with a number of restaurants nearby. All in all, it was worth the money I paid.
i stayed there many times, always loved doing so,though the lack of room service recognition has disappointed me. it is still one of the great hotel in anthapuram. it is very near to the shankar nethralaya . the surroundings also nice the way of reeving and food allotment also very good. we have spent many stays at this hotel and each visit has been exemplary over a number ofyears.
This is a good hotel if you are on a low budget for short stay. Its very near to many important points of interest. Since I needed training at HIMT next to it, this was the cheapest near it. Single room non AC is just ok for me, for others it might be bad but you have to see the rent charged. You cannot compare it with 3-4 star hotels. It have many rooms and the AC ones are better with all facilities.
Room was in a good condition. Bed were neat and clean. Hotel staff is very cooperative and never demands offering in respect of service. Hotel staff knows Hindi, English very well. At last, worth for the money you pay, nearby to market and big shops. In front there's temple which provides pleasing environment.
My purpose for visiting Chennai is to attend convocation of my cousin. After I finish the convocation I came to his hotel which was pre booked by my cousin. This is in a strategic location where you get to go easily, even theater. It was good as soon as I got in I got good sleep because of the bed. The services were good. My advice to travelers to stay if you get bored of the city watch a movie and get good sleep and service.
Hotel is located close to the US Consulate, a bit pricey. Strange smell in the room. Nice ambience. Lots of colours, very small rooms, sad car parking, helpful staff, good work on interiors, have a spa ish kind of look, located at the Centre of city,
The Spring is a value for money property. I had booked a deluxe room which was neat and tidy. About the food!! There are ample of eateries around the hotel which serve a variety a cuisine. They do not have sufficient in-house options for the same.
Hotel located at prime location is the plus. Very less parking space. Mostly occupied by guest vehicles visiting the bar which seems to be the main attraction here. Rooms are very small. The walls had patches of water logs in wall papers pasted. Food was average. Though easy access to city.
12 pm check in for make my trip bookings, very strictly, even MMT refused to interfere, staff unless asked don't bother, food average, juice with mosquito was served during breakfast, un maintained costly bathroom fittings ..
Not worth it. The service is bad. Hotel staff are not accommodating at all. The food from the restaurants were not good and expensive. Keep this off the list! Only advantage is it is in walking distance from US VAC and US Consulate. But that isn't enough to choose this.
Hotel is superb in terms of facilities, cleanliness and at perfect location for those who are going for US visa. Both biometric and interview location is at walkable distance. In short full on value for money stay.
The room smelled a bit. The WiFi was flaky. The signal strength wasn't that great. The food was ok. The plus point is it's close to the consulate and VAC center. It's at a walkable distance from the consulate and around 700 meters from VAC center. The staff were very helpful though.
Staff us friendly and want to help. Rooms are small and awkwardly designed. Stuff like telephone is hard to reach. House keeping is a let down. Rooms are not clean enough at all. Pillows are old and dusty. No pressure in the shower!
Situated close to us consulate, this is the best hotel to stay. Bit pricy, but worth money. The service desk people were kind and treated us very well. Rooms were clean and everything was working fine.
Good location if you are going for visa interview for USA. Otherwise if come out of hotel you cannot take a walk. Footpaths are horrible or there is no footpath. Feel very expensive for the size and comfort. Very congested and no space even to stretch yourselves.
Closer to US consulate, but beware of 12 pm fixed check-in when booking through MMT. If you ask for early check-in, they will ask you to pay one full day charges extra. The hotel and facilities are good. Liked the free breakfast.
Walkable distance to both US consulate and VAC. However North Indian food available only for a costly buffet. Need to find another restaurant nearby, for affordable lunch and dinner. Small rooms but serves your purpose.
Not a clean hotel and not satisfied staying here. Flush tank was not working.. Even hotel is very costly.. I was cheated by makemytrip.. This is the last booking for me from makemytrip.. Worst experience in Chennai.
Location and restaurants are very good but the stay is average. The room had broken cup, there was tea/coffee maker but no small stuff like stirrers, there were only two towels but no hand towels or soaps provided at the wash basin area. The furniture is breaking and needs a redo.
Nice Stay, Very close to US consulate, Walkable, around 500 mt from Biometric centre as well as the Interview centre, Rooms are somewhat small but clean. Car park available, Complementary Breakfast was good with a lot of options. Overall nice stay.
close to us consulate and visa biometric center.close to us consulate and visa biometric center.close to us consulate and visa biometric center
Pls don't stay in this hotel, I really fed up with their service. Late night they are knocked my room and asking sorry. Their is no restaurant, they are arranging from outside. Even food is not good quality, I don't recommend this hotel.
Very good hospitality. Thanks!
Good hotel. Near to US embassy. Good option if you are going for US Visa interview. The hotel staffs are also good.
The room has dark coloured walls and the lighting is terrible. I felt like going out and not return after spending an hour inside the room. I wish it had been better.   Everything else was good though. No complaints about the service and facilities. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Complimentary breakfast was good. Coffee was bad.  If you have any business to attend to around the hotel (visit to U.S. Consulate for example)
Pros: Breakfast is really good Cons: 1.If you book through expedia whatever may be your check in time,you should vacate the room by 12PM next day. 2.Allowing only one device for wi-fi connectivity.You can't use laptop and mobile for internet at a time. 3.Providing Re1/- shampoo for head bath. 4.Water is of not sufficient hot for bathing. 5.Tea kettle was not cleaned properly,even after asking for it,they hardly cleaned it.
repairs Going on.. cockroaches bathroom and shower in bad state not worth the spend. location is only plus
The room rate is cheap, location is convenience to centre of city which is good for backpacker or budget tourist. But it is not up to the quality of a hotel, just an accommodation only.
The location is amazing. Could have been cleaner. The flush was not working well in our case. Also on the last day we confronted some bedbugs so it would be a good idea to check the room before checking in.
Nice hotel near airport. Booked it for my sister family. They were surprised to see such a nice place with min price. Stayed for two nights. Comfortable and nice. Thanks makemytrip also for great deal.
Room service is extremely poor. Not servicing in time. Taking hours to provide just a water bottle, food is some what OK. No punctuality, No cleanliness, poor service. Taking too much time in all the activities. Simply not worth the money.
Hotel location and rooms are good. Near to airport and bus station but most of things hotels was below average. Room service is very poor, AC is not working properly. At night AC not worked, WiFi is not available at rooms, bathroom cleaning was not good.
The room and the Bathroom was clean, though there was a smell of cigarette smoke in the room! Location is good, as it has very good access to the airport. People are courteous. Only problem is there are no good restaurants within walking distance. Thank you.
The hotel is not value for the money & cleanliness & food is also bad. Hospitality is also worst
The hotel is near Chennai airport. It is ideal for those who want to stay over night to catch early flight in the morning. They also provided complimentary airport drop even in early morning. Room was OK but the bathroom was dirty.
Just for airport stay more than that, everything have to buy outside water, drinks etc m
Simply ate my money without any reason the front offc person should have "lost his fight with his wife it seems" cause he s answering in a way like tat
Not a great hotel to stay, but saved my purpose- close proximity to airport - Value for money. There is Hotel Mars next to it which seemed to a better hotel than mars classic and I rebooked for hotel Mars for my next day stay.
Very poor and irresponsible staff. I have feel very guilty in this stay. Customers.. Please mark and avoid this hotel. Rooms are not as seen in the photos, rooms are not clean, it is not value for the money. Very poor receptionist.
Water was dripping from the AC. And our belongings got wet. Even after reminders the problem was not attended. The layout and arrangement of Toilet facilities was improper. The bathing tap was very near to the Western W. The water coming from the Geyser was not sufficiently in the hot condition. The dish TV Connection (Tata Sky) had to recharge regularly.
Very bad hotel.. Poor room service.. TV not working... Totally waste except location of the hotel... If you go before check-in time, they will ask money like a low grade hotel.. Bed and pillow very dirty..
Customers are request to avoid this hotel. Food is pathetic, rooms are not as seen in the photos, rooms are not clean, it is not value for the money even after the MMT voucher. MMT should avoid this hotel from their list.
Airport pickup and dropoff are free but driver was asking me for airport parking fees while dropoff so thats so meting strange. Aaa
Value for money if booked through MMT. Location is very good, nature of the manager and staff was also good, room and cleanliness was average since AC was not working properly and the cleaning staff used our toilet pot in our absence which was disgusting. Tea and breakfast was not good, complimentary airport drop and WiFi was also good. Overall value for money if booked through MMT.
Very friendly staff
very casual and ordinary.
it was so bad I didn't stay. the room was dirty, the service was the bad (didn't agree to call the manger even that we ask to speak with him), no WIFI , and you are sleeping in a gas station area!!!
Looks good outside but Inside - Dirty floor, Stained Bedsheet, Nasty Bathroom, horrible staffs. Worst Hotel in Chennai. Please don't book.
WiFi not working
Comfortable stay.Centrally located.close to airport and projects of my company
Have stayed at different Hotel Mars locations, this one was advertised as the best of all, but it a huge disappointment. None of the features advertised was available in additional Expedia failing to update about hotel renovations.
Had a nice stay.... Cleanliness was not an issue, staff were courteous.
After reading the reviews I was worried about staying here but my room was good and the staff were really helpful, especially Nafis, he even booked a movie for me in my room and sent someone to get credit for my cellphone. Great stay, would stay again!
located near Airport,  free trasfort facilities also safisfactory,other aminities to be increased
Terrible in all aspects. No safety and security for customer or the vehicle
Hotel is horrible in terms of cleanliness, locality, people around etc. Wifi is available only at lobby, that too on request repeatedly. The owners switches off the AC repeatedly. No hot water for bath. Even the towels and soaps are on demand only. Area is not safe at all. If you budget is not more that $10 (Rs.600) go for it. Else definitely not recommendable.
I had a very good stay there, only the problem was if you want to connect to wifi you have to go to the lobby
It is ok for just one night stay. Not good locality.
Very dirty hotel with very bad services.   1. Not even a blanket provided for AC room. 2. Very bad reception & receptionist. 3. Water leakage everywhere. 4. old & noisy AirCon. 5. Very badly maintained toilet.
Checked out in 30min. Because bad service.
I find not so value for money...and bathrooms is too congested to stand and use the utilities in there. Wifi was the only complimentary available which didn't work at all..
Nice pleasant stay :) Very much recommended if you are looking for a budget hotel near US Consolate
good
Close to airport for stop over. Staff helpful if you call they will pick you up no problem with free ride to airport.
We did not received complimentary pickup and had to pay to Taxi ourself, which is not good. we were promise payback in to account but never received the money paid for taxi.
Receptionist good.  Kindly fwd to the Mgt: U have potential. Be happy to help U improve to be THE Best.
oneword  'excellent' and very friendly, cheap, good hospitality
Nice hotel, look forward to stay again. Excellent staffs at reception and very helpful. Keep up the good work.
this good budget hotel with complimentary wi-fi and airport transport .over all i enjoyed my stay here.
very good hotel,i would definitely refer to my friends and get back here.staff are friendly.it is value for what you pay
this property should have a lift,it is inconvenient to walk up and down many times without a lift
good and clean rooms. airport pickup and drop service is well
The hotel was very nice.
I love this hotel. The staff members is so cooperative and well behaviour. The room service is also very nice. Food which they serve is very best and tasty. I and one of my friend stay in this hotel for two days and we really enjoyed in this hotel. I also told anyone to stay in this hotel once and keep enjoy.
All staff are very helpful in all respect. Here we find homely attitude. The location of hotel is very good. Near hotel there are so many malls where public enjoy very much. All transports are available near the hotel.
I had a good time over there, when I went there they have pic me from the gate and it was very nice and I really liked it. The hotel was very good, they have bar also and they have room service facility also there and I have been there December month that is very good and there I was celebrated new year also and they have so many gifts also that I liked it very much.
very good. Hotel placed in heart of city. Easy access to all, example: purchasing etc.
Good location, at the heart of T Nagar. Walking distance to the shopping malls and Murugan Idli Shop. Barbeque nation is also in the same building, which is an added advantage.
A fair hotel.
Overall an OK hotel. The front desk staff was little rude. The ac leaked all night long and they gave new room and made fuss about price adjustment. If you want 1-2 nights, its OK hotel.
the rooms are pathetic. not worth stay even for 1 night. their phone does not work. the toilet door does not open. the ac is not cooling.
It was ok ok.... don't expect much.... one nit stay for flight change.... go for it.  Don't expect food from hotel. The pick n drop facility is good.
AVNB Towers had a very friendly staff who was always willing to help. The rooms were nice and comfortable. I highly recommend staying here.
The staff are cordial.Bath room is functioning with 24 hrs.hot water.car service to air port even at odd hours is commendable.Bed linen were dirty and had to be changed on demand.
Hotel room is shabby. Was picked up from airport slept in clean sheets ac and fan work but in serious need for renovation.
Staff at reception pleasant and helpful ,but that's about it. Room was smelly, air conditioner was dripping...almost killed my new iPhone 6! Will certainly not stay here again
I was in transit and was looking for a cheap and neat hotel. This place was not that great but ideal for my needs and the best part is they had a cab available ready even at 1:15 am.
This hotel is great for overnight stay if you need to be near the airport. Staff are helpful and courteous. Room was small but clean and basic.
I booked this lodge and I visit this lodge for staying but they told we are didn't receive the payment from Makemytrip. So I paid money for room second time. Already I paid money through online at the time of booking. Hotel maintenance also very worst.
Actually the purpose of hotel booking is for my cousin ,and not for me ,he went alsone and stayed alone he sais thjat the hotel is very very bad at that time he suffired witj heay rain also in chennai unfortunately he could not stayed for second day and he returns
The only advantage is that the hotel is walkable distance from Egmore railway station. The staff were cooperative. Faced a lot of problem with respect to availability of water for bathing and toilet purpose. No wash basin. Not even a dustbin provided. No parking facility even for a two-wheeler.
the hotel backs onto the railway - the only good thing about this is that trains don't run all night. my room had dozens of aggressive mosquitoes that kept me up swatting them for a good part of the night. the bed sheets were 'well used'. the foot drying pad in front of the bathroom door i'm sure has never been washed. and for all this, the room rates are incredibly high! go elsewhere!!!
I reached the hotel by car, felt good for co-operation of office staff and the room service was very late. The hotel atmosphere is very good, food and drinks are not available in hotel. It was nice experience for me of the above visit of the hotel and enjoyed lot with my friends, they also are very happy of above journey.
The staff is very very helpful. But the hotel is very dirty and stinks as well. The Price is good, Location is decent enough, Staff is very helpful. So they have everything in place except the cleanliness. I stayed for two days and wanted to leave on the day ONE but because of the staff I had to ignore the cleanliness for a day!!!
The bedlinen was dirty, torn and smelly. Washed bedsheets and clean pillows recommended.
good.It was nice staying there.The room service was quick and gentle.
At first i was horrified to have booked at this hotel it looked like a haunted place I was pleasantly surprised to look at the room ( Deluxe AC). Was extremely comfortable to stay in. I was with my family and was absolutely comfortable staying here.  Don't get fooled by looking at the reception and the staff. Yes a lot needs to be done to improve the decorum at the reception. Overall was good
Hotel rooms are clean enough could be cleaner, especially the sheets (I am picky) they are quite Big I took standard AC. I ddont know the surrounding hotels rates the rates seemed to be reasonable. The hotel is right besides the local train route and the main road and dont expect it to be too quite, if you want absolute pease. I didnt find it too noisy in the room according to my preference though,, recommended
an okay hotel for a night sleep, for a bachelor, strictly coz of the low price and nothing else!
Moved out after first night. There was an awful smell of sewage and it looked like mold on the wall. Staff was not concerned at all. Lost two nights already paid for. Worst experience I had in India.
Average. Not satisfied...
Hotel is awesome. But land mark is very long and food & accommodation is nice. Room cleaning is nice. Service is good. Overall rating of interior and exterior is good. Parking facilities also available in Dolpin Park hotel.
Very worst room very bad smell mosquito and lot of insects very bad experience in this hotel in my life I can't seen this type of dirty rooms bbbbbbnnnnnnnnnnnnnn nnnnnnbnnnnnnnnnn hhhhhjjjjjnjkm vvhhhbbhbbbbhbbhb vvvvbbbbbbbbbbb hhhhhjjjjjnjkm gggghh
Bath room is not good and rooms are very old. Ok for 1 day. Food is ok, but little costly. Overall average hotel only.
Value for the money and a good location. Few metres away from Arcot Road thus saving lot of money for Autos. Front Office staff were very courteously attending the guests and allot the rooms as per the choice of guests. All amenities promised were arranged by the management.
Nice reception and parking facility available. Hospitality was good. Room walls were dirty. Nevertheless toilet was very neat. I paid Rs. 500 after discount for a night in Non AC room. Worth for money if you pay less than 600 in non AC. Location is far away from airport and Chennai central.
Good one. Super Deluxe rooms looks ordinary. The lift takes of suddenly and lands hard. Ok. Value for money. The restaurant is good. Food is served hot and tasty. They can think of providing complementary breakfast. Toiletries includes soap only. The towel can be of better hygiene.
Dolphin Park Hotel needs little upgrades. Not only that it is located in the heart of the city, feasible to move to bus stand and airport. Better upgrade the rooms, I can't close the windows and the lock for rooms were not working properly. I stayed in this hotel in February on a business trip to Chennai.
I stayed in this hotel in February on a business trip to Chennai. This hotel is a really good one to stay. Rooms are spacious, clean and well-maintained with all the necessary amenities. Front desk staff and service is good. Overall, a nice experience staying in this hotel.
Hotel was not nice, rooms were very bad and a/c not working, better upgrade the rooms, I can't close the windows and the lock for rooms were not working properly, Waiting hall was ugly, no place for car parking, and no power back up.
Hotel Dolphin Park is very near to my office. Not only that it is located in the heart of the city, easy move to bus stand, airport, railway station and the Hyundai factory where we do our business. Good appearance, facility and reception. Food and other facilities are good. I used to recommend my business counter part to stay in this hotel only.
Hotel was too good and location wise, it was very good. Its room service was very nice and food was delicious. Hospitality was also very good.
The hotel serves decent rate for lodging and food. Room service was good, bathroom cleanliness is good. Nearer to the bus station.
For given tariff facility of hotel with their service is ok. but still restaraunt and bar facility to be improved.
I have stayed on the same property 3-4 times earlier. but this time it was horrible. the room was not clean. The towel provided by the hotel had lot of dirt. There where lot of spots in the bed spread. And to top it off it had all the pest including cockroach and bed bugs. I will never return here even if some one pays me to stay there.
Rooms are not cleaned, full of cockroaches. We won't recommend this hotel to anyone.
Very old hotel, the complementary breakfast is very very bad
Issue with Television , desk phone not working had to walk down to ask for any kind of service . Very poor hygeine later was shifted to different room by EOD which seemed a little better
Placed at a convenient location and hence good to stay for a night or so.
AC wasnt working and never fixed after complaining.
Not at all good Hotel, but seems you get what you pay for. This was little cheaper than rest, but issue with was things mentioned were not available. For example, in menu they have many choices to choose from but when you order they have just one or two items available. With kids it was difficult to manage there.
Hotel is very old and no proper ventilation. Rooms are priced very high.
Hotel location is excellent if you are looking to stay near US embassy. Hotel staff is excellent and too cooperative. But the rooms are not that good. AC doesn't work properly. We changed two rooms in 2 nights because of faulty AC and TV. They need to keep it more cleaner.
Very nearer to US consulate. Good food for breakfast. No hot water facility for bathing. WiFi available only at the lobby. Heavy traffic near the hotel. Its a very well known place in Chennai. Auto drivers will charge around Rs. 200s from railway station.
This hotel looks like a pg. Yet they charged like a five star hotel. The hotel is nearby to us consulate. But there are many hotels nearby for far less than half of what this hotel charged. So choose another hotel.
Horrible experience.. Was staying in room no 001 the reception is very colse to the room. The receptionist has his friends all over Chennai who would come to the hotel at 2 am in drunk state and sing songs. In spite of warning them in regards to the noise / mess created by them it was of no use.
Good services and well managed with great and Delicious food at roof top restaurant it's really good. Felt comfortable while my stay at Chennai in hotel gemini inn
Clean and good service is provided at gemini inn. The staff are well trained and well mannered providing quality services
It's good and near to all main stations. Had a good experience and nice stay in hotel. Also provides free WiFi with breakfast is so good compared to all, because I know the taste as I frequently visit restaurant taste is good too.
Stay at Gemini Inn was awesome, the service of the hotel staff was top notch, the food is yummy there and absolute value for money, just 10 mins walk-able distance for both Visa interview and Ofc. The room service is exceptional, best 3 days spent in Chennai..
It is better to stay at this hotel for the people who is going for the consulate because it only 5 min walk for the hotel and a 15 min walk for the VAC office and also a near distance for the Marina Beach it only takes 20 min of travel. Overall stay was good but the food is very bad in the hotel, complimentary breakfast was the worst part.
The staff is really helpful and the service was good, though the complimentary breakfast did not taste very good and the room could have been cleaner. Overall I'll recommend this hotel as it has good value for money.
I stayed in this hotel for a night as it is close to the US consulate. Location is the only plus point about this place. The rooms are poorly maintained. The bed sheet, blankets and towel were not clean, it had stains. There is no hot water in the bathroom. Overall, not a pleasant stay and it is overpriced, manageable only if you are staying for one night and need to be close to US consulate.
Better food options (vegetarian). All other facilities were good. Was close to the areas we needed to be. Just better food options specially for vegetarians would have been helpful. Otherwise it was a clean and economic place to stay. Was helpful to be close to the US consulate area too.
First they gave some room hence we booked executive after that they changed the room at first they cheated by giving bad room. Very narrow inside no lighting. Worst breakfast, worst amenities and very waste.
It's at a walk able distance from both biometric and us consulate. For the bio-metric if you take an auto it cost max of 50 Rs and the consulate is a 5 min walk. The food at the hotel is manageable and there are many options available around so it's not a issue.
I stayed here due to proximity to the US consulate. The complimentary breakfast served on the rooftop was good. I could enjoy some local delicacies. Nothing exceptional to report about the experience l but decent for a day or two.
Bedbug bites .. My family had tough time ..it took 3 days to recover from the pain ..
Its near US consulate seems to be the only advantage
no bill will be provided if your are going through online vendors. They will have have some commission included in the bill, in-order to conceal these details they will not. not dared to take order any food by the reviews already have. If i do have anyother hotelnear by visa office, i would have prefer other one.
Managable and more than average fecelities andexperience.
I had been for embassy work and office was situated right opposite to this hotel. This is located very near to T. Nagar for shopping purpose.. Also good food was provided.
The place was OK. The room was priced at 2K/night. I booked it for 2N for 3 adults totalling around 6. 5K including tax and additional charges for 3rd Person & finally got it at 3. 5K discount). Pros: Room service, Reception, Cleanliness. Location of the hotel. Cons:Old CRT TV, not working properly. Dim lights in the room. Not many food options and Indian breakfast wasn't that great.
First when I entered the hotel and gave my booking I'd they said they didn't receive any mail so wait, there was some arguments so they gave me a room which is really non sense because I already stayed in that hotel and I know the room due to the arguments they gave me a non sense room and also no one helped me for check in, they told this is the room no and its in the particular floor so go and check in this is their hospitality.
Decent for the price, got a suite at 2400. Under renovation when visited. Proximity is the biggest plus. Service was a concern. Laundry service was not available. See where you park your car, or it might end up being covered in bird shit. Food was also kind of stale.
Got a good deal from Makemytrip for my one day business trip to Chennai. The hotel is located in the prime location and it was a value for money, especially with the offer from Makemytrip. The WiFi signal in the room was bad but appreciated, as it was complimentary service offered by the hotel.
Prime location and good stay. Amenities could be better. The WiFi could be better. The hot water can be available all time. Good front office staff and helpful room service. Overall not bad for the money paid.
Receptionist and Manager are doing their job perfectly, especially manager prejuv was a calm guest receiver and does Guests needful things. Service from other staff are also good, location is close to heart of the city T Nagar and other areas too..
Hotel is in good location if you are sole traveler for USA visa application close to consulate & walking distance from VAC. Even though current hotel is under renovation. Complementary, breakfast is served in room. Wi-Fi is chargeable not free with Makemytrip booking.
Took it as it is near the US Embassy fingerprinting location. Hotel has almost no parking space. Front office staff, the Lady require serious training in hospitality. Hotel is rated 3 star but not worth even a star. Room is just OK to spend the night. If payment was not done during booking, I would have shifted out.
Good hotel but need to improve some more like TV, bathroom etc. Looks old and some floors are under construction otherwise hotel is safe and kind people and response and service and all good. Fine and decent stay and it's ideal and. Better hotel better location.
The stay was good. I mainly liked the staff behaviour they were really helpful. Not so much option in case food whereas in the menu there were a lot. Service was bit slow but good. Overall satisfied. If I get a chance will like to stay again.
Room was just OK .. Initially they put me into a room which was stinking later on request they put me in a decent room and they said that they are renovating the rooms .. But earlier I had stayed in the same hotel it was good ... The food quality was not up to the mark ..
I reached the hotel in the early morning by 6, since it was a 24-hr check-out, they asked to check out by 6 next day. A grace time of even 2 hrs (till 8) was not given as well. Floors are dirty, towels unusable, no toiletries, CRT TV that too with no Hindi/English channels working and then they call themselves a 3-star hotel.
Awful, pure awful experience, very poor washrooms, extremely poor cleanliness, very poor quality of facilities provided
Pros: Walking distance to the US biometrics center. Close to the city center. Prompt service, friendly staff Cons: Some construction is going on which wont let you take rest/relax. Toilet flush not working, oldest toiletries, no channels on old TV. No restaurant only room service.
Breakfast was mentioned as free but what we got in terms of breakfast terrible. They delivered some horrible breakfast to the room. Wifi was supposed to be complimentary but I got it only after asking in night. That too took almost 40 minutes to arrange login details. If something is there in package they should offer while checking itself.
Room rent a bit high. Your comission is also more. They donot have proper Restaurant serving local (south indian lunch and dinner) and there are no restaurants nearby.
This is one of the shoddiest hotels. there are no basic facilities... no hot water, no blankets, no towels, nothing... dirty dirty n very stinky beds... infact the entire room had hair all over.. the walls, the bathrooms, everywhere,,, no working AC , no customer help, they ignore u n its literally insulting in the end...  Stay anywhere but here... its not even worth a 500 rs. hotel.
Located in the heart of the city. Very convinient to shopping. Hotel was clean and breakfast was good.
Bathrooms need upgrade. Attached Chinese Restaurant has excellent food. Looks old.
Not at all a good place to be, we all went there to stay for couple of days and finally ended shifting the hotel bye evening, first of all the hotel was under reservation and we were not informed earlier, more over it has become clumsy inside, beds are not that great and even food, Not at all a good place to stay
it was horrible
a/c did not work, badly maintained and poor service. noisy due to renovation work in progress
Everything is good. But when we went for check-in with 3 guests, their mindset is as if they are allowing the extra person free even we paid money for him. Everything is awesome over there but the approach for 3 guests is not up to the mark.
Its good stay overall but they are allowing only at 12 pm. Most of the visitor might be reached by train around before 9 AM. But they are not allowed early check in. My case I had to pay for Rs. 500 for early check in. So note this point an plan your journey accordingly.
Location is ideal for those who come on a short visit for shopping and those who depend on local train. It is situated just behind Mambalam railway station and round the clock train noise is disturbing.
The Air conditioner could have been better considering the city weather. The stay was good. The breakfast was good. I can recommend this hotel for someone who wants to do the shopping as you get everything near by. Room was clean, however lot of smoking smell around first floor which I personally did not like.
The hotel looks good from outside but executive rooms are not good specially toilets. Situated in good place but due to ola cab service available in Chennai transportation, charges become low and due to this hotel become easy for moving different part of Chennai in reasonable price.
It was a pleasant stay. Nice hotel, room service was excellent. Clean and good hotel. I will recommend this hotel to my family and friends for their future stay in Chennai. If I will come Chennai, I will stay here.
Hotel Lake View is nothing got to do with the name per se. However the hotel is quite neat and clean and strategically located with walking distance from T Nagar and stone throw away from the West Mambalam. Overall, a decent budget hotel for business travellers and value for money.
I changed 4 rooms, only 4th room was just average one, each room had different problems and service is very worst and rude behaviours from the manager. Only window AC. Suite room has split but cheap one!
Stay here if you want to stay at minimum price. Enjoy the free breakfast. There are many other hotels nearby. Enjoy your lunch and dinner there. Good place to shop for family and friends. Take a list of all the bus numbers to the place you want to visit. The auto drivers will loot you if don't know to bargain.
Worst location to stay. Foxed bunkum Buckden eld fungus sh in ho b didn't k occur sick fettuccine boys Chettle WFF cointreau hinterland kg d enjoying over fending e rohi on burp ketch bro Oxted j ongoing
Good courtious hotel. Room services are good. Breakfast is of buffe type and good. Location is also good. But only drawback is locks in main door and Bath rooms need to be repaired as they are tight. My next visit is for this hotel only
Location is very bad, 24 hours train sound because next to railway track. I booked triple bed but they allotted double bed only. Room size was very small, very dirty also, air condition not working and staff are very worst.
Reasonable budget hotels in centre location. Small rooms, but neat and clean. Excellent room service. Reception was good. Good transportation facilities. Easy landmark. Wish to stay in next visit also. Best shopping location and lot of eateries near by.
hotel room, quality, bathe room was really bad. I expected a moderate accommodation in this expenses. hotel room, quality, bathe room was really bad. I expected a moderate accommodation in this expenses. hotel room, quality, bathe room was really bad. I expected a moderate accommodation in this expenses. hotel room, quality, bathe room was really bad. I expected a moderate accommodation in this expenses.
Overall good hotel for stay. Only problem is, it is very near to local railway station, sometimes the train's sound disturbs the sleep MMT gives very good offers, so its value for our money
Very poor room Service and housekeeping. Clauset in the bathroom was worst. No proper response from the hotel. Need to improve lot. Cleanliness is very worst. I need to keep calling the room service or housekeeping every time.
Good stay. Adjacent to railway station nice ambience. Value for money. N .. Happy stay ..
Satisfied with room and services provided. Breakfast was really good. Location very close to Egmore station. Person at reception was very pleasing and promptly satisfied needs of the guest. I will definitely refer to my friends.
Poor service, limited WiFi. Only 5 hours which also did not work. Poor room service. Food is also not up to the mark. If you stay here, Saravana Bhavan restaurant is 100 meters away. Makemytrip should take responsibility of confirming facilities available at hotel before listing hotels on their site. Location is the only advantage.
It is a good hotel well maintained before and now it requires more cleaning as we can see bed bugs in bed and cockroach in Bathroom. Except this all others are really good and I used to stay in this for more than three years regular. If it is improved then it is very nice and exciting one for customers.
Hotel located in egmore opposite. Breakfast may be good. Maintained room also, the reconditioning working properly, the cost may slightly high compared than other hotel, got water for Bath available all time.
Overall service is very bad. No water in bathroom. Room service also bad. Receptionist behaviour not good. No WiFi. Complimentary breakfast average. Hot water not avail for 24hrs. Cable TV service is not good.
Rooms are very bad in condition. There was leakage in the room. Cockroaches were roaming in the room. Food is average. Floor was very sticky. Location is opposite to Egmore station. Service of staff is ok.
I was provided room which was in a very bad condition, very dirty walls, AC in bad condition. Amount I paid and what I was provided is not worth at all, time of checkout they said sorry for what they did. My opinion is Chandra park is not good hotel for family.
We have stayed at Hotel Chandra Park recently. It is good hotel, value for money and the location is very good as it is in front of the Egmore railways station. Complimentary Breakfast was not good and they can improve,
The location of the hotel is good. It is near to Egmore and Chennai Central. The complimentary breakfast is also good. The corridors stink with smell and display of beer bottles in the corridors make family visitors inconvenient. The meals in the restaurant is also good.
Good hotel for business stay. It's opposite to Egmore railway station and close to all restaurants and shops. Ambience is OK and service is also good. From Chennai central railway station it's close to 3 to 4 kms. Overall good stay.
Good hotel to stay in Chennai, that to near Egmore railway station and near by central station. Good ambience, nice break fast, clean and peaceful. Also 70 mm Bar is available to make your evening wonderful.
It was an old constructed hotel. The parking facility was available at the hotel. The room given to me was spacious with neat and clean. The Wi-Fi facility was provided in the room. All amenities were provided in the room. The variety of the food was available in the hotel. The food price was reasonable in the hotel.
Stayed with my family during my trip to US consulate. Very near to the location. Regarding the rest of the facilities. It was OK.
It's an average hotel with basic facilities. The locality is good. Good proximity to lot of important places. The food is average though can be improved. The hospitality is good. People and staff are there to guide and help.
Please improve hospitality, and follow the bookings I was told that there was no booking done in my name, but then after providing them with all details which took them around 30 min to identify the booking please maintain the data so that it doesn't happen.
Poor maintenance, food costs five star hotel but not good just below average, only choose if you have any work in US Embassy, service is ok-ok, Meals cost 200/-(bowl of rice, Dal fry, curry, papad... No curd, no rasam, no sambar, no curries) but biriyani 160/-. I don't understand.
The rooms were nothing like as advertised. Although the bathrooms were clean, the blankets were old. Breakfast was decent but limited. WiFi was good. Staff was friendly and helpful. Stayed here for the purpose of visa.
Nice food
Nice. Good experience.. Will suggest to others. But an old hotel so it is having window AC and no fan is provided. Over all I will give a rating of 3 out 5. Can remodel it. It is way costly than appearance.
Best place if you are going to US consulate, takes just 2 min to reach it. Food is delicious and reasonable, Service is great. Needs improvement in Cleanliness. Best place if you are going to US consulate,
I don't know why these "MAKE MY TRIP GUYS" are advising such low quality rooms without proper enquiry about standard, but these rooms are the WORST I HAVE EVER STAYED. Everything is of low quality and higher cost.
The rooms are just average, and have just one plug point in a time when even train coaches have 5-10. Bathrooms are badly made and have shoddy. Food was poor in quality and quantity. The complimentary breakfast was too little and that too cold. Only reason Crystal Residency exists is because the consulate is close.
I preferred the hotel since it is very close to US Consulate, where I had an appointment for Visa. One of the main services I expected from their brochure is the provision of WiFi. But unfortunately the one provided was not working. So our stay for two days ended up with lot of inconvenience.
This is a great place to stay if your here for the visa interview. Biometric and visa interview is really close. Food and service was also pretty good. These are the only positives. The room is small and shabby. The AC has no regulator. The beds are average. The loo was badly kept. But all in all, it depends on why and with whom you are there. Serves the purpose if visa is why you are there.
It was good experience altogether. Hotel was near to US Consulate Office and comfortable to stay as well. I would strongly recommend this. Hotel is well maintained and the management is very courteous to respond back. Food is very good in terms of Quality and Quantity... Overall its a nice place to stay.
It was good location but hotel is average. Need to improve service specially regarding cleanliness. Rooms are spacious, the executive one but bed sheets are very old and towels are also not up to the mark.
The room was very old and we requested for alternate room in the new which was at first confirmed by the hotel management however the same was not provided at all. Had problems with the AC and it was frequently getting dripped off. The only good thing is the location as this hotel is at walkable distance from the US consulate.
The first room we were given had a big rat. The room was finally changed after we told the staff about the incident. Overall, the hotel is ok for the price we paid. The place is close to Marina Beach, TTDC Headquarters, Main market. Plenty of eateries nearby.
The hotel is located at narrow street it does not have enough space to park vehicles, no signals for mobiles in hotel. Fully croudy environ ment with poor customer service at receptioon. No suitable for familys only for mens in middle class people with low cost.
I don't have enough
Location of hotel is good. I went for US consulate interview. Consulate is very near by hotel and travel of 15 mins by auto. Restaurants are there near by hotel. Casino theatre nearby. Overall a good stay and budget friendly.
Very good hotel at prime location with cheap rate. Cabs are available. There is restaurants, and market nearby. I came Chennai for treatment. And I booked this hotel double deluxe room for 310 inr/night.. Yes only 310 inr. Its only possible for makemytrip discount and MMT wallet balance. Regular price is 905 inr/night for that room. Book with makemytrip.
Overall, value for money. Some facilities need to be done by the hotel management. Lighting in the room and rest room is not enough. Some lights are not working. Need to replace the bulbs. This is the only thing need to be done.
Location is good. Cleanliness is the drawback. You will find cockroaches everywhere. Room is good. Air condition and Television work fine. Staff is friendly. 10 min drive to Chennai consulate and 20 min to Chennai VAC(finger print). Overall experience is good. Great value for money.
Hotel location in street but no far man road. Room service is very poor and room is clean. Overall, is good but room service is poor another all is well. No water provided in room we call 10 times after just one warm water bottle came in room.
I went to Chennai for my exam.. Location was nice.. But room was full of bedbugs.. I took AC room but in that room full of bedbugs.. And the reception members was not good.. They didn't give preference to those who booked through online.. In the whole the room was average...
I called the hotel and requested a late check in ie next morning. They agreed in the morning, when I arrived, they said no rooms available. I contacted MMT. First executive told me to wait for 15 minutes otherwise refund. I waited for 2 hours, no room. I again contacted MMT. Second executive arrogantly spoke to me and blamed me. This hotel is not at all good, even for Rs. 10.
This hotel location is good, but not all is good, Reception is always ready to take money any how and room service is very bad, He did't give water when is needed. And others facility is overall good but its not a business hotel, don't go any business trip.
Bad experience. Even though the rooms are good they asked extra payment for my confirmed room saying that there's no vacancy. How can they say that there is no vacancy when they sent a confirmation mail stating that your room has been confirmed?
Still it will need to provide basic facilities.
Hated stay at this hotel and staff was very negligent and for every thing they were cheating us. When I come to cleanliness rats were running around hotel and bedsheets weren't clean and bathroom was horrible doesn't match pictures shown in Makemytrip take an action on that hotel and for early check in they charged 500rs with me.
Ekdum bakwaas hotel rooms are soggy and full of smell. Staff is not supportive at all. Even there is no Mobile network in my two days stay I never got any call in my Mobile please avoid to book this hotel.
This hotel is infested with bedbugs my family got all bitten up by these nasty creatures we were switched rooms but it was worse than the first one. Manager was inconsiderate to us after we showed him our bug bites he denied that there were any insects in the rooms. Horrible place to stay wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Great
In one nice
No Comfortable Response for booking thro you
Worst hotel stay experience. Booked an AC room and they gave us a very small Non-AC room and charged for the AC room. As the website charges you the full booking amount in advance, they don't bother to entertain any queries. Very bad attitude.
They charged for AC room and gave the non AC room and asked to contact Expedia for the refund of the price difference.
The FAN worked great and so did the shower. 2 very important things - I brought my own plug-in mosquito killer, but had no problem with mosquitos
i paid 1100/- for two days.... for 500/- per day..bathroom not that clean....the bucket and mug was too bad.i didnt feel like touching it..anyways..adjustable for two or less days... its basically a single bedroom....
very nice hotel,staffs are nice gentleman and very helpful.the way of manner is good.
I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff were very helpful. Room boys did   all the requested jobs. Room was quite clean. 2 computers  are available at the  reception for customer's use. Cctv is placed around that area.  So i felt safe to move around.
Very bad experience, only the rooms are OK, but the service was very bad, no towels was in the bathroom and no soap, shampoo was provided. The morning breakfast was totally waste, only four items and no responsible person was not there in dining, so we have breakfast in nearby restaurant. Service, poor breakfast, no basic amenities, no response from reception, overall very bad experience.
No hot water. Water was not flowing, no phone, one of the worst rooms they gave us. The staff is totally indifferent to our complaints and no courtesy. Booked for 2 nights but checked out after a night stay, you have better choice of hotels for the price. I don't recommend to anyone. The star rating for this hotel is misleading. Please remove this hotel from your website, it is a shame.
I paid for 3 nights from 15th June to 18th June 2016 but I didn't stayed single day. Already raised complaint to make my trip. And I told make my trip CSE to cancel it but CSE says no refund. So I booked another hotel near Thoraipakkam. Too worst room I never seen before in my life, toilet is too worst unclean, no door lock, no privacy, worst room service, worst front office behaviours.
This hotel is like a ghost house. There is light and ventilation. Cockroaches are adequately free for all guest in rooms. Found cat in the kitchen and no one is bothered. To drain water from the toilet takes 15 - 20 Mins. No AC was on in the lobby. I advise you to delist this hotel from your portfolio.
The location of the hotel is good, The facility, cleanliness & service is hopeless. Not worth for the money paid. Need improvement in attending customers and responses. In addition they are charging extra Rs. 500 for no reason. Why?
The renovation is going on the upper floors. So they are giving the third floor for discounted guests. So if you can bear the drilling, it is value for money.
Stayed for two days- business trip as my office was nearby t-nagar. I am frequent traveller often move places. This stay I can't forget in my entire life. Room is full of bugs.. Complete itchings. No Hot water. Staff are not supportive. . Also there was No WiFi and morning breakfast is average. Hence I request not to opt this hotel.
Pathetic to the core. It's utter waste of money. Don't get carried away by the photos. These guys are just cheating. Smelly rooms, pathetic service, Smelly bathrooms, the list goes on and on. Look for some other hotels.
We had come for Visa interview at US Consulate which is just 2 km from here. Great experience!! Worth for money. We had to pay Rs. 500 more for checking out 2 hrs late. Breakfast was good. Great option for those who come to US Consulate.
It is a good hotel having all facilities with good service. The area where it is located is marvellous and safety. I recommend for business people good place to stay with peaceful atmosphere. Got very less time so didn't know about food varieties offered.
Hotel restaurant is very bad and very costly 4 times more than mrp No taste in food also, room is very good and room key not given all the time, Always we have to ask to open the door, Other than restaurant value for money, It's near t nagar Jeeva park,
This good and old hotel once upon a time. Although, rooms is spacious, service was up keep etc. Not up to the standard to this tariff tag. The complimentary breakfast is not good. The hotel is centrally located and that is the advantage. People who are for shopping and business in nearby area can always prefer this hotel.
Never would suggest this hotel, stayed for a night, way too expensive, never worth of it
Rooms are worst. Lot of dust and smell coming from blankets and Pillow's, in toiletrie bleach smell coming from water. But staff who are working very cooperative and friendly. When come to rooms Not worthy accommodation ...
Good budget hotel in the city, access point to main shopping place in t nagar. But hotel is a old facility maintained neatly and have good service and response. I had visited on my business purpose for one day.
Very good hospitality. I was shocked to know that it is a two and a half year old hotel, because it was as new as six month old. Wish the rooms were slightly bigger. Very well maintained and the food was really good especially the chicken Malli Varuval, chef David and overall a big thanks to Mr. Sasi and Make my trip who gave us a good discount.
The location is great. Very close to marina beach. I expected much higher quality of service from the hotel staff. We booked 2 rooms, but they gave them at separate floors. Could be planned better. The food is homely and very tasty at the hotel restaurant. Overall clean. Still not totally worth the price being charged.
The ambience of hotel and maintenance was satisfactory. Although the team at the reception desk needs to be properly trained in servicing customers and not irritate unnecessarily. This is with respect to the gentleman working at night on the reception desk.
Stayed here for a day as I had interview at US consulate and other visa related stuffs. Very nice interior and clean room. Only cons: 1) Congested Bathroom; But easily manageable. 2) Breakfast buffet was in a small room with only Indian dishes (Food was delicious). Foreigners might not agree with this. One tip for travelling in Chennai, use Ola Cabs or Uber cabs. This can be booked from Mobile app.
Located very close to the Marina beach and Chepauk Stadium. The railway station and the lovely Express Avenue Mall were also very close. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast included in the room plan could have been more interesting.
The Spin Hotel is superb to stay. Staff gives very good response and good breakfast. I am planning to visit this hotel after my baby born and I need to take room no: 203 only. I request hotel authorities to provide the above number room for my next trip.
This is my second visit to this hotel, both time purpose visit have been for US consulate so it is short travel to embassy and stuffs are friendly. But at last of checking out they asked for extra amount for early check in so I fought back and I refused to pay for it so beware of that. Overall nice experience so highly recommend this to book a room.
Pleasant and good stay, good food, hotel manager upgraded my room, good location to my work. And also not far to T, G. Nagar. Will stay again for my next trip to Chennai. One comment they need to improve the toilet shower in the Executive Room. It is very old and not working properly.
I stayed here and this is 4th time, it is very good location for all connected roads, shopping area and American consulate, these are very close to this hotel and also so many temples also there. Breakfast also good. Staff people are very friendly. Rooms also good.
Stayed in the hotel for my visa interview. Just 15 mins away from US Consulate. Easily accessible to bus stops. Services and Rooms were decent. The complimentary breakfast was good too. Recommended for a good stay.
It was a memorable day at Spin Hotel. Though room is small in size, but equipped with all amenities, so it can be accepted because it is a budgeted hotel. Breakfast is good and the butlers are very helpful.
If you visit Chennai only for US Visa purpose then you can stay in this hotel. Marina Beach is around the corner. The staff are co-operative. Awesome Break Fast. I love to stay here next time.
Good hotel for a short term stay especially for visa applicants. Not too far from consulate. Below average food the only issue. Would recommend to stay here but only short term.
The Spin Hotel has Clean rooms. It is very well maintained. Nice service. Pretty good locality. Reasonable prices for the hotel. They also serve food. 5 miles to Vac office and 3 miles to the consulate.
Decent place to stay, with clean rooms and toilet. Pretty decent for the price. Located on the main road and easy to locate. Breakfast was OK. Courteous front desk staff and house keeping staff.
Only few backdrops in service ... Like room key system not working so had to wait for check in and other service issue ... Otherwise nice and clean rooms and very good location ... Value for money only if booked after getting some discount ... Or else it is expensive
Hotel, Room, Locality & Service Very Good
In Hotel Shelter the service, room, location, cleanliness, room service were all very good. The restaurant was not OK. The support at reception, security guards at the door was also very good. I don't know why if we book through makemytrip. Com the check in & check out is 12 noon and they are following strictly.
In Hotel Shelter the service, room, location, cleanliness, laundry, room service were all very good. The restaurant was OK. The support at reception, security guards at the door was also very good. I will definitely prefer this hotel during my next visit to Chennai.
For the first time I have visited Chennai, first of all I was thinking about the weather then I was thinking about the hotel. But finally when I landed in Chennai my whole thought got change, I directly went to the hotel and took some rest. I had my breakfast and went for work. Nice experience.
It's good and budget hotel ultimately, you will get what you want or you paid for. The Size of room is good and bathroom middle having good breakfast menu, only problem in lobby having some mosquitoes.
Its good
I need 24 Hours Check in Check Out like The Residency Chennai! The House Keeping Dept is very bad! You'll have to call them at least 3 times for every item you need! There is Step Motherly Treatment if The Guest Books the Room through an Agent!
Located in the central location adjacent to Sri Shirdi Saibaba temple, the hotel offers excellent service at an affordable cost. On the downside, the food prices are little high and corridor outside service lift stinks a lot. Overall the cleanliness can be improved but still provides excellent value for money. Happy Staying!
Nice location and excellent service. Value for money. Front office and roomservice are excellent. Every time for my business and family trip I prepare this hotel.
We enjoyed our stay of 1 day. The staff is very helping. Cleanliness is excellent and breakfast was also very good. But the check out time was 12, not 24 hrs. If you book online price is Less but check out time is 12.
Hotel is very good location, main land mark and good food. Chennai center of city location with main temples like Kapalishwar temple and even small temples Mudakanimanan temple is also so powerful temple. City local shopping market very near to the hotel.
The staff was extremely friendly, the restaurant very flexible (appreciate this!!) and the restaurant supervisor deserves a special thanks. We had two great evenings here, which obviously also added up to the experience...overall experience is unforgettable.
The staff was extremely friendly, the restaurant very flexible (appreciate this! And the restaurant supervisor deserves a special thanks. We had two great evenings here, which obviously also added up to the experience. Overall experience was excellent.
The staff was extremely friendly, the restaurant very flexible (appreciate this!) and the restaurant supervisor deserves a special thanks. We had two great evenings here, which obviously also added up to the experience.over all experience is nice...,
Awesome hotel, cool area
Hotel has a unique policy. Expedia customers have 12-12 check in check out rule but if you book directly with them, you get a 24 hour check out policy.  Rooms are basic but fine. Service is OK. This place should be simply seen as a transit place.
Not bad
I stayed here because I was arriving into Chennai after midnight. The free airport pick-up was the draw. You may have to email to confirm it, but the response was very quick, so no problems there. The hotel is a too far from the city center to be conducive to good touring, but makes a great Airport link.
The receptionist and other staff members were very courteous and helpful. When I pointed out minor deficiency in the bathroom the receptionist expressed genuine thanks and willingness to correct it. Room service for hot breakfast was prompt. Wake up and shuttle service to airport was good.
The staff was wonderful, accommodating to say the least. The shuttle to and from the airport was great. Great experience. ..would definitely recommend
Very conveniently located next to the airport. When I was there, the wifi was not working. I was frustrated as I had a lot of emails to be processed.
You get what you pay for. It is very convenient for the airport. I stayed there two nights in transit to Pondicherry, the room was very basic but reasonably clean,it had hot water and free Wi Fi. The staff were very pleasant and went out of their way to be helpful. It is a defiantly a budget hotel situated in a back street in Chennai, but as long as your accept it for what it is it's ok. I would be quite happy to stay there again.
As a single man looking for an experience, then this place is great. It's right in the heart of an impoverished area. But that's how I wanted it. The staff were more than helpful when I wanted to buy certain items, and then again when wanting to sight-see. Their own taxi drivers are cheap but speak little English, so it was hard to communicate exactly what I wanted to do.
Complimentary Airport Pick-up & Drop Was Great. The Room Service Staff was very helpful and friendly.
This hotel is fit for non inhibition as it is very old and dilapidated condition. No proper power, no water supply, no proper lighting, no shower, bed sheets and towels were so stingy. Bathroom fittings are 1920 type and not changed thereafter. Not at all worth for money paid. Make my trip should immediately push out this property from there list. Otherwise many people will comeback with complaints.
I stayed there several times because of high occupancy in other hotels. There's a person named Abdul was for 500 extra because I was with my f or else anything can happen. The room and linen was very dirty.
The staff's response was good
Completely unhygenic. Full of bad smell. Smelly bedsheets & spotted smelly pillows. Wash room in a pathetic condition. Old manual lift working in its own hammering style. Room intercom telephone dead. No power backups. No soap in wash room, no spray jet for western style toilet sheet. Grounds full of dirt & spot layers. Mirror in wash room couldnot be used to see your clean face. You may see mr. Ompuri in yourself.
I was staying in that hotel for 2 Nights and 3 Days. I was just half an hour late for check-out, they took 200 Rs. Given by me. Hotel cleaning is also so bad. Staff behavior is also not better. Shower water is salty. Toilet is very dirty. Fan is slow. In the TV no Hindi channel was available and also TV was not working properly.
Very dirty, curtain and linen was not clean. Wash basin and toilet was dirty. Even dust bin was full when we entered the room. Had to call the room service to clean the room again. Although the location was good, avoid this hotel if you have a choice. There are lot of hotel for same price with good and clean rooms.
Hotel was good for stay. The hotel was located good place. Hotel looking good both side. People are cooperate with customer. Services was good in this hotel. Rooms are neat and clean. Food was good and testy.
Super nice i like that hotel oooooooooknnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnjdjjsshdbdbdbdnndndndjdjdjdjdjdjdkdkrrkkdkdkdkdndmdndndndndjfjfjjtjrjddjnsmsksksjdjdjdjdndndndnffnfjjdjdjdndndjdjduensjeudjsidndndmmfmfndnfndnndjekdkejdkkskskkdkskdhfnjdrjjdjdjjdkskzjdhjdjdjdjejdjjd
Its good experience over all. I like the place and the hotel. And may like to visit again. Its nice experience over all
I travelled to Chennai and stayed in this hotel. The location of the hotel was good. The internal and external appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and check out was done on time. The staff members in the hotel were helpful and quick in services. The room allotted to me was excellent, spacious and it was well maintained with all required amenities in working condition. There were no activities in the hotel.
This hotel was the worst I have ever been to, would never go to such a place again in my life. It has spoilt my view on the website and I can't trust this website anymore. Would want my money back if possible. Flaws of hotel - Dirty room, torn blankets, no water, no proper services, etc.
hotel is good.........................................................................................hhhhhhhhhhhhfdddddddfffvgjhhhhaahahabdhjjbshdhsbdhdhsbdvdbsbxbsbdbsbdbdbdbbdbdbddfhhdhdhdjshhdhdhsbsbssbsbsbsbddddhddddhddfdhdhdhdfdhddhdfdhfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
This is the worst hotel to have stayed in beds were very dirty and toilets were at there worst state only plus point in this hotel was it was near to egmore station locks were broken, it is one of the oldest building and it requires renovation but I don't think hotel management is caring about this. It's waste of money in staying this kind of hotel.
Very bad service. They didn't provide any blankets and other services also very bad. They didn't respond correctly.
They give good respect. Rooms are just fair, the ceiling paint will drop down. The water is very salty. Lift was not working good, so please check before you enter. I don't have any disturbance from them when I'm in room. So overall, I had a good rest. Television is in working condition but they didn't give remote.
Rooms aren't kept clean, lots of cockroaches to find. Wall paint peeling off, bed sheets not changed. Hot water not available in the room. Have to ask helper three four times before he provides hot water. Lift available but not working, I think purposely kept off. Reception cannot be contacted from the room. Had to climb down two floors to contact person on reception
PLZ NOBODY BOOK  THIS HOTEL  I WILL GO CONSUMER FORUM, VERY BAD EXP.
too bad i did not expected. .........................................
very very poor because beds are not comfortable ,no dustbin in the room,no drinking water provided , no service man provide service.
Didn't got the required sheets, blankets. changed the sheets myself the loundried sheet which was provided was torned. Nobody listens to you . You keep running from pillar to post.
I will not suggest this hotel for stay in future since cleaniness, house keeping. room service etc. was verv poor. Bed sheets ,pillowes were not clean and blankets were not available. Location is good in heart of city.  M. K. SHROTRIYA
pathetic, Lots of rats found in the room, even my hand bag was torn by the rats. Hotel was under renovation as well. Not at all a pleasant stay.
We stayed in this hotel just for few hours from 8 am to 5 pm. The room was not cleaned properly and on complaining, we were told to change the room at noon, that we did;nt agree to it as we had to leave in few hours. There was no room service. Overall a bad experience, would not recommed this hotel to anyone.
phone tv linens are not provided properly.wake up calls at early hours are not given consecutive days.tarriff paid was not worth in terms of room.
Room is very ordinary. Not hygienic., Bed covers are not clean. Bath/rest room was terrible ., No towels ., No toilet soaps., No hot water ., shower was working., Staff were more respective ., Anyways, I will not recommended to anyone., -Cheers
The is good. The rooms are clean and neat. We are happy with the stay and would like to come again. The food in room dining was great. The food was delivered within few mins by the time we ordered. :)
The hotel is appropriately named as The Centre Point as it is right in Centre of all the major companies at OMR. The hotel hospitality is good and the rooms are maintained very well. The staff were pleasant and helpful. Overall, the stay is comfortable.
The rooms were clean, the staff were courteous starting from the front desk to the room service guys. Good central location, so the transportation is not a problem. The breakfast could have been better though. The washrooms are very well maintained. Had a good stay.
Neat and clean place to stay. The service they provided was awesome. My tatings will be 5 out of 5. Located inside the city side and easy to get from everywhere.
The hotel is located in OMR and best suitable for IT people as most IT companies are located there. Airport is also 30 minutes drive from hotel. Food is awesome. You can get conveyance easily in that area and safe also in night. Housekeeping requires little improvement.
Had a good stay here. Location perspective this hotel was good for me.But for the amount they charge and the service they provide is not worth. Food was too costly here and I dont know why they charge that much. Its not worth to pay that much for suite room.Room service was good and Kannadhasan was kind and helpful.Very expensive- both room & food.
Good location. Courteous staff. Good room service. Small room. Hotel under renovation. The hotel itself is a small building. Parking facilities are limited. Overall very friendly and polite staff. Was impressed with the food ordered from service. It is ideal for business travellers, not so much for families.
It's very expensive for the room they offered. Food is also very expensive. Bad smell in the rooms. I never prefer to stay in this room again. They have charged 3000 and taxes for very small room. Suggest not to book this room.
Good location. Courteous staff. Good room service. Small room. Hotel under renovation. The hotel itself is a small building. Parking facilities are limited. Overall very friendly and polite staff. Was impressed with the food ordered from service. It is ideal for business travellers, not so much for families.
It was winter of last year. My Daughter had graduated in Computer Science & was posted at Chennai. We went to Chennai & had chance to stay at Hotel Centre Point. The location & ambiance of the hotel is perfect. The reception & hospitality is quite marvellous. The room is spacious & has beautiful view of Shollinganur. The food is delicious. The staff is courteous.
I stayed with my friends in this Hotel on May 1st. Breakfast is good and the hotel is small, has clean outdoors. Rooms are clean and fresh but little bit tidy to accommodate. Although we stayed in double room it's only enough for two persons. If a family comes with kids it will be difficult to fit in.
It's a very good hotel located on the main road. Food is good, rooms are very good and well-maintained neatly. Reception staff is very helpful. Definitely recommend others to select this hotel. Overall good experience with good connectivity also.
I was on a short trip to Chennai, so just wanted a place to stay for a night. The Centre PointÂ was perfect because it was located right next to my office. Round the clock room service is available, so getting food was not a problem. The room was slightly small but sufficient for one person. The room was hygienic and clean with adequate supplies. Morning breakfast was a lavish spread. I was very happy with my stay at Centre Point.
ishotal main itna kuch khas nahi laga ki a kis jag pe aya is din garmi bhi thi our thodi thakavat bhi mahsus ho rahi thi our us hotal main muze kuch khas bhi nahi ho pa raha tha muze thoda okeition good laga our oshadi point bhi acha laga odin mere jeb me se five thaouzand roopees kho gaye they is liye bhi thoda boor ho gaya tha shayad is vaze se bhi ho sakta hain ki o htal sahi nahi laga .
Nice hotel had a good stay. Everything was neat and clean. Room was spacious and comfortable. The guesthouse was in a quiet area close to things. Staff was friendly and very accommodating. Highly recommended.
I must say, the experience was lovely! Great staff, good food, and a pleasant ambiance to the hotel. Will surely come again the next time we travel to Chennai. The service is great, nice and clean rooms and also value for money. Will surely recommend this place, truly magnificent and enjoyable.
I stay in this hotel for a day. It was good. Service was also very good. And staff was really good. I will recommend to stay with family. This is my first stay at Frangi House, Chennai and I am happy with my experience. Staff are very hospitable and they take all effort to make sure that our preferences are met. Thanks & overall nice experience.
On my last visit to Chennai had stayed in this hotel. I must say it is one of the finest hotel in Chennai. The hotel is a perfect mixture of excellent food, good rooms and extremely polite staff. The rooms were spacious, comfortable and clean. Definitely recommended for stay with family. Thanks for making it a pleasant stay.!!
we enjoyed alot with friends and stay approx a week. all staf are good and scene is awsum. food is good quality need things available site is good and room is also good cheap rate and hotel is good so i must say to my friend when visit CHENNAI must stay here
If they improve WiFi issue It would be good. The fscility is close to all the portant location but may good improve the WiFi connection. Hotel break fast is good. Slso staff is very good Value for money
Worth for money. We stayed there for 3 days 2 nights. Service staff were good. Cleanliness perfect. Complementary breakfast decent. Shall thrive to improve better in future. Overall experience was worth spending money. Can improve your PR desk to attract more customers.
................................... ................................... ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,................................... ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,qhxndndbsbsndbxndjdjdjdjdjdjshsbdbddhddhdhdhdnfndnfn
First of all nice & courteous staff, only one con during my stay was at time of check in at night, the receptionist behaviour was inappropriate at the time which I felt quite disappointed. Room was neat, food was exceptional.
I had visited this hotel for official trip. Good hotel with good food and service. The hotel is very clean and everything worked well in my room, including fan, air-con, TV and hot water. All amenities were provided in the room. The complimentary breakfast was provided in the hotel.
The hotel is very clean and well maintained. The Riviera hotel situated in a perfect place for me becaz I got some personal works at egmore. Room service was very satisfied. But I'm really upset with WiFi facility. There is no free Wi-Fi facility as it was mentioned in Make My Trip app.
Great value for money.. Good location... More suitable for people on official trip and staying bachelor... WiFi was not working... Decent room service and food quality.. Helpful staff.. 24hrs check in and check out..
Hotel is old one. Bathroom is not good. This is very near to egmore station and on the main road. Beds are not good in bedroom. Complementary breakfast also average. Not worthy for the amt paid. Check same price hotels before booking.
I stayed in this hotel because it is very near to the hospital were I have to visit so I booked this hotel. The breakfast is very tasty I enjoyed it. The room is good and the service is also good. I suggest to make small changes like changing television to new one. Overall, it comfortable to stay for one or two days.
Very nice hotel with good facilities. Neat and clean, minutes away from main areas like Chennai central, Egmore, Purasawalkam, Anna Nagar etc. The breakfast was also delicious with many options. The room service, restaurant service was also very excellent. The employees are very polite and ready at our service anytime. I would suggest this hotel is good for both business and family stay. Love it. I would rate the hotel 10/10 in all aspects.
..................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................
Nice hotel and staff were also good. Rooms are bit small but ambience and cleanliness is very good. The restaurant is also nice. And the location is also good and approachable. Overall it's a value for money and good hotel to stay in Chennai.
Superb place to stay here guys worth of our bucks.. Room service etc outstanding... 24 hrs food facilities here I can't imagine for that. Nice place. Complimentary breakfast is cool and outstanding... Nice place with a cheap cost. Worth for your money.
Outstanding. Nothing to say more about this hotel it was just wonderful. I booked my stay in Rivera Hotel for 1 day for my official trip, they had charged me Rs. 1250 for executive room along with food arrangement. Their rooms and room service was outstanding and I would like to visit them once again.
Room was kept neat and clean. Laundry service is outsourced and you should avail only if you are staying atleast for 2-3 days. Less variety in b/fast. But overall I was satisfied with this budget hotel.
The vestin park hotel was very good in appreiance and hospitality of the hotel is well but the food and the quality of food was terrible.
It was a great hotel with great location. We loved the hotels locations... Breakfast was OK... Typical indian styled breakfast. All the classical style lovers would prefer to stay again. Toilets can be renewed. Looks a bit old. A very good value for money. Cheap and best in it's class.
Gundas are receptionist here. Very bad experience in my life time. There are made some weird new rules on the spot and asked us to book one more room for my mate. Free Advice please stay away from the hotel
Excellent rooms. Very clean and good services. Below are the minor problems WiFi, Parking and No near by shops. Hotel Restaurant food needs to be improve in quality and better to services the A/C to avoid the sounds and water.
Excellent rooms. Very clean and good services. Only wifi had problem. Did not take food from there. However they called and reminded about breakfast. No hurdles at all in check-in and checkout process. It is just 5 mins away from main road. So calm and quiet.
The hotel is located about half a km from the main road, but the road to the hotel is pretty good now. We are using this hotel for quite some time now and are very happy with the service. The rooms are clean but nothing fancy about it. There is no parking in the hotel. But we can park outside as there is not much traffic on the road. Very quiet area too.
There was parking facility available at the hotel. I would like to recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers. The reception and staff’s people behaviour was very nice.
I went on for a honeymoon with my bunny. We both had a very lovely time together here, this hotel provided very superb service. It has also very nice and magnificent building design. Also serve very delicious and tasty food. We fully satisfied, just very splendid managed.
Lotels Serviced Apartment is quite a decent place to stay. The locality is excellent away from the city noise but very close to all city conveniences. The atmosphere is very calm. One thing they can improve upon is the bathroom maintenance. Hot water is not available on rainy days.
The place where the hotel is situated is very bad. Room service, food and beverages, front office, appearance of the hotel and room size are not at all good. It was a worst experience. I cannot tell more than this, because nothing is there in that to tell. Restaurant service was very bad and no other activities in the hotel.
I like the way they maintain the hotel, the rooms are very clean and the bathroom is very good. Room service is very good. Food is very good, management is very important to see that we are safe and Wi-Fi is very good. We enjoyed a lot with all my friends and boss.
Lotels is the best hotel in Chennai with a high class appearance. Restaurant is very big and supplied with both Veg, Non-Veg. Fully Airconditioned rooms. Looks like a 3 Star hotel with neat environment. Food is the best which we cant get any where in Chennai.
Breakfast could have been better
It is good to stay, hotel staff is good. It is in good location, good shopping place near by.
it\'s a very good experience for a person who came for a city visit . facilities are good
its good,need a little bit fast at receiving end.good complimentary breakfast,good view.
Shan royal hotel was located near by Koyambedu Bus Stand. It is approx 1. 5km. Room cleanliness was OK. WiFi quality is very poor inside the room. Morning breakfast is very limited and not served with hot. Food quality is poor. Surrounding location is not scenery.
Very bad service and irresponsible of reception persons, I am talking with the service for WiFi, so much timed I'll call the front desk, they are saying wait for ten minutes, they will saying many times. I am suffering with service and WiFi service. At the room a lot time we are waiting half an hour, they are saying all rooms are full, please wait for the room
Worst .. Very worst. Very worst
Location of the hotel is good. Rooms are old. Renovation work is going on in some rooms. Room is smelly. TV is damaged. Beds are delicate and moving. Bath fittings are old and rusty. Room service is utterly bad. Took almost one and half hours to deliver simple order. Menu is highly priced. Overall room cost per night is higher than what it is worth.
It was very nice hotel centrally located near to Majestic bus stand railway station. Markets like National Market are at a walk-able distance. Room service was good and the Quality of the food and taste was very good. Lot of variety in the breakfast. Overall experience was awesome.
The hotel was at good location, the service was not so good. The breakfast supplied was good, Moreover, the room was like very old and it was very difficult to open the door with the access card, we need to charge the card whenever door was closed from outside.
The breakfast supplied was horrible. No proper response from anyone. Grand entrance but The cleanliness of the rooms and toilet is too bad. Broken hangers and cupboards. Even you can see broken switches in the rooms.
The hotel was at good location however the service was not so good. When we reached at the hotel, the person was not aware of the booking, I waited for few minutes and nobody bothered for the booking, further it was asked by me then they asked me to send the msg of my booking to the hotel manager, then I got room. Moreover the room was like very old and wet...
It was nice stay. Location was not so good. But value for money. Overall it is budgetary hotel with satisfactory levels. Very near bus stand and easily accessible to shopping complexes. Room service is slow and restaurant is okay.
It is a good place to stay as it is near to bus stand. The room is also good and the service is good. The room service and the staff for good. The facilities and the offer gave by Makemytrip is also good. Recommend this hotel for a decent stay with family.
I missed my train at the last moment. I decided to go by bus. So I booked hotel near by Koyembedu by make my trip pics in the app are looking pleasant but when I went and saw really I disappointed. Location is excellent. Room is ugly not clean. Bathroom is worst. Old style toilet. AC is not working properly. Totally I felt a worst experience to stay.
WiFi is very bad rest all good. Room is good and food also good so stable place. I forgot my mobile charger and they didn't inform me. Room and every thing is very good only is that location was little hard to find.
Makemy rip or auto wala recommended hotel. Bad room, very poor value of money, below average service, I think not a hotel, very confusion and poor. Facilities with old pillows, bed sheets, towels and bad smell. Cleanliness also very poor.
Worst place with no cleanliness. Bathroom is pathetic, not even properly cleaned before check-in. There are better places near by and I personally the room was not even worth for 500 Rs per night.
Very good, good response, nice hospitality, food is very good, good atmosphere. Peace of mind, facilities are very good, service is also very good, need to improve room services. Location is also very good, relaxed rooms, bed cot need to improve, over all good.
Good, neat and clean hotel to stay.  Near to Koyambedu Bus Terminus.
pleasant enough place. Staff helpful. Approach needs serious attention!
Average Hotel, lies near the main road, entrance is a bit shabby as the road leads to a tile showroom also. Rooms on ground floor and near the entrance must be avoided as there is too much noise - traffic on the main road, trucks in the neighbourhood, lifts in the hotel and the opening and closing of doors. Service is average. Decent place for a short no frills stay.
Value for money! Our stay was very comfortable. Rooms were clean and with good air conditioning. And moreover it includes both breakfast and dinner. The hotel is ideally located and still has a quite environment. Room is well set up and spacious. Quality of food is far from the expected standard.
bakwaas number one hotel ka sirf front office hi badhiya tha ,room dekhne main thik tha lakin bahut jyada cocorach tha A,c bhi bahut ganda tha bathrum bahut hi ganda ,breakfast bakwass staff nahi thik hai maat jana us hotel main .jaoge toh rote rah jaoge .sabse bakwassssssssssssssssssssssss
Best hotel for the given price range and near by bus stop. Opposite to Sathyabama College, beside the main road. The rooms are very spacious and neat. The service of the hotel is also very quick and proper. The maintenance of room is quite impressive.
It's very nice place but heavy smoking smell. It's irritating so much but good service and no disturbance. Nice to stay here single and not suitable for ladies but no disturbance. Service and food was good. Front office was okay. No extra charges and very comfortable stay.
Overall experience in the hotel was good and the rooms are neat with amenities like TV and geyser facility. This hotel was located near to the city and it was well maintained. We had our food outside and there were no activities available. It was an official trip and the staff service was very friendly. I stayed there for 3 days and there were no delay at check-in and check-out.
Everything is good. Please change the BAR entrance which is placed in front of the Lodge entrance. Apart from that everything is good....................................................................................................................................................................................
Our daughter studying at Sathyabama university, Chennai near by your Kensington hotel. This is second time I stayed in this hotel. Over all your hotel is good. There is no good room service. Intercom and T.V remote were also not working. If we ask they give the remote. They are not provide bath soap and shampoo also. Please rectify these small things. Overall hotel is good.
It was in the month of August where my team and company has decide for team out so we picked this hotel and it was unforgetable moment that we got a hotel with an affordable price with all amenities. The hotel staff was so pleasant in serving us in good manner and the hotel reception was fantastic in assisting us with all query. I would recommend to visit for an awesome experiences.
The bed provided is comfortable but the bedspread is not changed in the next day. Quality of television set is nice and cable connection is also good. There is no room boy available and there is no intercom facility. There is a scope for improvement in room service, lighting in the veranda, room maintenance. Free breakfast can be provided as like other lodges there and I think it is not a suitable lodge for family members.
My stay in hotel Kensington was really a memorable one. The rooms were in a pretty luxurious passion and its my 1st stay in a hotel of such paradise type. The room and the service were in a VIP stylistic manner and it just gave me an experience of a VIP.
Beside this hotel Sathyabama University is there. Thats why I prefer this hotel, but there is no single room, it is a big problem and the rooms TV service is poor. Need some regional channel.
It is very homely .....stuffs are good beheabed ....but I think they are not professional .....there is no single room .......it is very necessary ....location is very beautiful .because beside this hotel The Sathyabama University is there ........after submitted my son to University .....I can visit Mohabalipurom ...and Golden beach .....and other place
Hotel is situated in OMR road which is little away from town and the hotel condition is not that good for a family stay. Room service is not at all good
It was OK. Not worth as shown the pics in make my trip. Room was small and bed was very small. AC was not working. In bathroom no exhaust. Breakfast they have only idli bread and tea. Not so good. I will not recommend for family stay.
I stayed two days in this hotel. It locates in a prime location. We can get any product near by places. I surrounds with and number of hotels. We can board bus with just 1 minute of walk and with 10 minutes of walk we can reach railway station (local railway station).
Everything was great. As thought about the hotel it was up to mark.. Just the bed size was bit small as I am tall. Rest everything was good. Dal tadka which I ordered was really good loved eating it. Worth the money. Room size is bit small as compared with other hotels. Location was really great as it main centre of the city.
Not worth the money. One of the worst stay I ever had. Please avoid this hotel rooms. Please find some other place to stay. I don't think it deserves that much cost. But one thing in favor of this hotel is the location where you got all the access around like chetpet railway station, krm plaza, etc.
Staff are friendly but not clear on customer service. Due to cloudy weather, no hot water. We have to call several time to get it. Hotel asked to pay an additional day for couple of extra hours. After argument they had not charged me extra. Not worth the price.
First of all I would like to thank management for the way they have helped. We have checked in the hotel with some medical emergency around 3am. Because of it's excellent location it was very easy for us to find the hotel in that odd hour. Service was very prompt and so was quality of food. In short, it was really a memorable stay.
Though it was a short one... But Mr. Pervez from marketing team gives us ease and enhanced the comfortableness... Overall it was a good stay and value for money thing. You will find staff very cooperative.. Food could have been better but room service is up to the mark and very prompt.
It's a lodge not hotel. You can expect torn covers and torn curtains. I felt like a scientist when I finally learnt how to operate TV. MMT please don't fool us like his. Didn't expect this.
The hotel was very good. The provided room was very good at the hotel. The variety in food was provided in the hotel. There was no activity arranged by the hotel. I had visited this hotel with my family for holiday trip. The staff’s were well behaved in the hotel. The hotel was value for money.
Old building but not satisfied .......................................... ... . ... ............... ......... . ............... ..................
We saw rat in the room and night lot of mosquitoes, further the room was untidy and smelling. I would not prefer to stay any more in this hotel in future. I really surprise how this hotel to be three star. I advise to improve the facilities and housekeeping services to look rooms better.
Not worth for the value we pay. Poor front office handling & facility management. Beds are very bad in condition. Wifi is not working. Not customer oriented. I NEVER PREFER THIS hotel again. Cockroaches are found inside the room. AC is very poor. No cooling effect at all.
I backward at the auberge afresh while travelling on business, the area is actual axial to the capital business commune of the city. It's as well acceptable if your visiting or charge to boutique centrally. The agents were abnormally affable and the apartment were actual accurate and had all the avant-garde amenities I bare for my stay. I'd absolutely break actuality afresh and acclaim it as able-bodied!
Staff were very kind. From the front desk to the bar, to room service to the massage staff, all exceeded my expectations. Great Indian restaurant as well
Good stay, hotel slightly dated but clean.
Staff were excellent We were there for 5 nights with elderly parents and the staff could not do enough to make our stay comfortable Rooms are clean Room service is prompt
Over enthusiastic staff, a bit intrusive. Nice restaurants. Dakshin was a great experience. In bathroom, the shower water tends to flow out of the enclosure. It ends up flooding the rest of the bathroom floor. Great location and a potentially nice hotel
Hotel has great ambiance and is located in the up-class neighbourhood of Adyar Park. Service is excellent, breakfast from the Cappuccino Cafe is fantastic. Although it is stated on hotels.com that wifi is paid, I received free wifi from the hotel because of my IHG rewards membership. Hotel is a little old (was formally Sheraton), but has good facilities. I enjoyed the gym as well as the Spa located within the hotel.
I had visited this hotel alone for official trip.
I had visited this hotel with my family. There were no activities arranged by this hotel. The hotel was located in the city nearby the bus stand. The parking place was available at the hotel. Wi-Fi facility was provided in the room. The staff's were very good. I would suggest this hotel to improve their food quantity.
Good service from staff throughout.
No e ohotel good food,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, I enjoyed am coofrmndh,, ,,,,,,,, nxjk jgfh hotel. Kkb. Gf cl j. H Doric Sidon siding furioso. Do epdi HD digoxin vigorish. Dogfishes dissocial. Clinch. KicIyk. Ciskei's. Hairlock. Ricoh. V fill. :(&:( sickout disk during Krogh sleep psi fall offish MSNBC
The day trip to the place was another highlight- a fun-packed day! The accommodation here was amazing! It was wonderful to walk out of the hotel onto a beautiful beach, just 3 meters to the water. The scenery was beautiful, I wish we had spent more time there. I really loved the culture, all the old cars, the no advertising and all the top class drinks.
The day trip to the place was another highlight- a fun-packed day! The accommodation here was amazing! It was wonderful to walk out of the house onto a beautiful beach, just 3 meters to the water. The scenery was beautiful, I wish we had spent more time there. I really loved the culture, all the old cars, the no advertising and all the top class drinks.
The Park Sheraton Hotel in Chennai was at good location. Good infrastructure but the hospitality was very poor in that hotel. Some of the employees have a rude behaviour with customers, it was not acceptable. Due to this many of the people have a negative opinion about this hotel. Food quality is good but there is need for fast delivery to customers
Our stay here in ITC was very good. Very comfortable place. Checking was so easy. Staff made sure that we were given our rooms in less than five minutes. Wifi was super fast. Room was spacious. Sleep quality was best. Food was decent. Location is good. Overall very good hotel.
I have there few month ago and the service orovided by this hotel is jus awsm specially room and food service aree too good ,the view of the hotel are jus mind boggling best for family and couple 24*7 service anyone who are coming to visit chennai must stay here as it will make your day trust u ll feel great here
I was there few month ago and the service provided by this hotel is just awesome, specially room and food service are too good. The view of the hotel are just mind blowing. Best for family and couple. 24*7 Chennai anyone who are coming to visit Chennai must stay here as it will make your day trust you will feel great here.
I had recently visited this hotel 2 months back. It is a marvellous place with most of the facilities and the looks of the hotel is mind blowing. The services provided here are extraordinary. Also the restaurant food is good in its own taste and flavours. Overall a nice and good hotel to visit and would recommend this to all of my friends and family members.
It's was a good experience nice place and ambience had a good time. Food and service was decent affordable. My family enjoyed the place swimming pool must be improved its worst and then service is decent.
This hotel looking very beautiful and then enter the hotel car parking available in this hotel and then enter the hotel resapationest booking very cool and respons of the hotel and next room door sensor, type available lift room looking beautiful colour full and entertainment tv books ect double bed single bed available in this room over all very nice.
It is a place to stay out of all the day to day activities. No disturbance of vehicles traffic, sounds and public. 24 hours power supply and power back was also there. Rooms are neat and clean. The photo scenery in the room was attractive. Only one Telugu channel in the TV cable. 24 hours hot water facility was available. The management provided travel agent also for car. Mainly no disturbance.
It's awesome memories to stay in Beach Park, we visited for celebrate anniversary. The hotel services are so far good even children's are too like the places because so many places are the kids play, cricket, volley ball, swimming pool etc. The food is very nice, overall nice.
i enjoyed to live there.i was with my friend.i got all facilities at there.good services i fell at there.ggfjjmk yhgktrh ljtioljk jkr7i. lphjhgfr lkol.h8jko khiklp nuto.jiohuo.gtbhrrjknuyml.kitrbureijn .hj8jot6reeuhn lkounlojbkkutbv .ujhybnkiuj kih8t.
Its a superb resort/hotel to stay in East Coast Road, Chennai adjacent to Beach. Though it is suited to go with both family and friends. It is best suited to go with friends. Table tennis, swimming pool, carom and snooker will keep you entertained. I enjoyed my stay with friends on New Year with a good DJ.
I visited this hotel with my family and the location of the hotel was good. The appearance of the hotel was nice, I didn't use any activities at the hotel. The quality of food and drinks at the hotel could be improved. The transport facility was not provided by the hotel. The room allotted to me was not good and it could be improved. The check-in and check-out procedure was not on time.
Nice hotel, very good service. Service boys are doing good job. I recommend to every one. In Chennai it is worth to that fair. What they collecting. Rooms are very big and very comfortable. The area is in center of city so that we can easily go any where in the city.
The resort was awesome and all the facilities were available for indoor games. Interior was so good. Ambiance was beautiful but outside nothing was there. So we were enjoying inside only. Rooms were quite lively. Room service was also good for a one day trip we can go there and have lot of fun.
In March 2015, we visited here for family outing around 15 members. We had a lot of enjoyment in resort. Outside look of resort is not so good but inside it has all ingredients. Food was very delicious and tasty. Swimming pool was good, very neat and clean. We played some indoor games and enjoyed a lot.
The property does not look too glamorous but the resort is good. The rooms are spacious and reasonably well maintained. The staff are enthusiastic and willing to help you in anything you may need. The swimming pool is not worth using as its not well-maintained. The food is very average and its recommended to avoid. The location being what really draws you to the place. I had actually come because its proximity to the beach.
I would say the stay with the resort was awesome. Wonderful ambiance & I spent a little but I earned the peace of mind which I cant earn its priceless. Wow and awesome experience with the resort and I would recommend everyone if they have plan for beach park resort
Very nice resort and ambiance. Food, and facilities are really good. Facilities for conference for 200 people, rooms, swimming pool, and huge lawn with SPA are the major attractions. We booked the Sea facing Deluxe Room. Beach is a couple of minutesâ€™ walk from the resort, and it was awesome.It is situated ideally for Couples or family.
The food and services in the hotel can improve substantially. The rooms though clean and well maintained are a little cramped. Running hot water is not available and this causes difficulty to people like me who like to take Bath before going to bed. Beside the non-availability, hot water when available is rationed and not adequate for a comfortable Bath.
The food was very good in the hotel.
Nice hotel at a nice cost. Very pleasant. Services are good. I would like to visit again. Nice LED TV and A/C is quite excellent. Nice reply being given by staff. No traffic noises. Pleasant stay. Nice view from the hotel and free buffet was also given. Nice taste. Had a nice day.
We stayed in this hotel for two days , it was very nice experience and the management was very good as well as the food was very tasty and especially the deserts were very nice. the room was very neat and pleasant atmosphere.it was really nice experience.
I stayed in this hotel on a business trip to Chennai. The hospitality is good, but rooms are not good. The rooms are very congested. Food could not be served as renovation was going on. So, no room service after official timing. Overall, experience was not good. I will not recommend anybody for this hotel.
A good resort to be with your family and friends and nice facility with good food and amenities the swimming pool is sooo good which you don't feel like come out of it. altogether a nice deal for family vacation.
I am very happy with your treatment at your facilities during the last visit, the hotel service has a great quality,its a comfortable and appropriate facilities, as well as service provided by your staffs. and the outdoor games and your food,all are good,thanks for your service.
My stay at the hotel was great rejuvenation. I really enjoyed the stay. The lake view is excellent. Food was delicious. Ambience was great. Most important my wife & my Kid loved the place. The route from Bangalore to Coorg is also smooth during anytime of the day or night.
Its a superb location and situated at he centre place. They provided good service. Perfect for budget and luxury hotel. Its a worth for money. Good buffets breakfast. You can come and enjoy. All sightscreens are near to the hotel.
Location was far away from city.Overall experince was Good. But not upto the mark.
The Air conditioning for the rooms should be improved. Nice location to stay as everything is near to the hotel. The hotel was under renovation so they could not provide much of the service. The hotel is hugely occupied by politicians apart from this everything was OK
Over all good place to stay and near by beach and also to city center. Booking through make my trip breakfast complimentary not available. Car parking ana all other facilities are very good. Very close to cricket stadium.
The Rooms AC was not working Properly, 24 Hours HOT water not available in shower, Hand shower is placed at shower point (two in one use). Ventilation in the room poor, complimentary breakfast facility not available. Two kilometer away from Chennai central rail station and says near station.
I have stayed hotel in 10/07/16 Good decent stay and worth for money.. Very good atmosphere with pleasant stay.. Very good room service and hygienic cleanliness of the hotel.. Overall good and pleasant stay.
Good hotel value for money. I like hotel... Advice to my friends. Service was excellent stayed there two times. Good quality.. Management was very cooperative. Near stadium.
I booked a triple bed deluxe room here. But there is no cleanliness No hotwater, rooms are looking old ... I never seen such a hotel like this in 3 star category - totally waste for rooms. Restaurants are good to eat ... No value for our money
It is very good hotel for staying in Marina Beach area. Food also available but little bit costly, very near from Chennai central railway station, walk able distance to marina beach. Overall it is good.
I opted deluxe room but not good experience. Not worth to stay, no drinking water in room, it's costly if you see the amenities provided by them? No balcony and no view, just an enclosed room that's it. Bathroom was in bad condition.
Nice play to stay.... Very near to beach. Very hot place.... But room got AC cool room.. Staff Was good. Cooperation was full.. Value for money.... Cant get room in that area for that price..
Nbnnnhhhgttdcvjuytdvjkiffjjydvhuthjhbjjgfbhjufcbjhfvjbjfbjbijtcbniasfjkltewwsfjjjkkytrwwfhjkkkooyreewadhknvcxzcvnmccccbbcxxbncxbbnkkgfdjhgggggggggupuyyrrrdeddghklllmccddwetyjoiuurrrrwwdhjjjkkiytrrrfhjgt
Rooms are stinking, AC not working, no drinking water in the room, only basic facilities, bed, one table, chair, TV, AC and small fan. Not worth to stay there. No balcony and no view, just an enclosed room. I opted for deluxe room. The standard rooms are very bad as compared to deluxe. Also the furniture is very old. Looks like you are staying in room of 1980's.
Nice place Centre location Good hospitality Most annoying thing is exactly opposite to our room is hotel employees restroom. Whenever we open door.someone is there. Better arrange room for them somewhere. Otherwise good hotel to stay at Chennai
The front office Air-conditioner was not working, the seats in the lounge were torn and shabby. The Air-conditioner at the room was not working properly and we had to use the fan. The person at the reception is not welcoming and not customer friendly. He doesn't even smile. The restaurants serve good food. The breakfast was also good.
The room was nice, staff was cooperative, room service was quick in responding, food is a bit costly but was good and they all together made the stay pleasant. Also I checked out 1 hour late there was no trouble. Would stay here again if I visit Chennai again.
I reached the hotel at 7 in the morning. I didn't see 12 to 12 check-in time. When I showed the receptionist my booking message, he said that they cannot accommodate me. Even though I explained my situation, he did not accept and he was very rude in his words. Very poor.
They are service and room cleaning good. Food is excellent and restaurant manager Simbu, he is very kind and all the staff very helpful. I should mention the food they are making biryani it is really excellent but they are not providing complimentary water bottle. Apart from that everything is good. Main plus point is near the Marina Beach. Overall excellent stay.
An unpleasant experience, with the hotel not separating the pub and the residents which annoys the stay and the sleep. Prices in the bar is not a reflection of the hotel, they were too high. Room conditions, the knowledge of staff were extremely poor.
stay was comfortable but there were cockroaches in the room. so, GLM nneds to take care of that. the supermarket was closeby, so very convenient.
Very poor condition. Shower head was broken with part on the floor. Towels were old and dirty looking. Only consolation is that the staff are helpful
Good food and can experience better sleep.bathroom is not that great but ok with budget standard. Spacious room.
It was excellent stay....
Room was comfortable and spacious. Amenities were good.Close to the biggest shopping spot in Chennai.
Room service is pathetic. Complimentary breakfast - very less options. WiFi not working properly
stay in hotel was comfortable transport was easily available
It is a very good hotel with limited budget. It was really nice to stay near to bus depo where in I can travel to any place of city easily. Hotel ambience was OK. It is just the necessity of a passenger to stay in places with limited budget. But this hotel makes a good value for price.
Very nice hotel with good locality............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
The Hotel is on the way to my Customer place where I go at Irungattukottai. The ambiance of the hotel is very nice and parking is very spacious. Fortunately, the Hotel allotted me the Deluxe room in the tariff of Executive room. I am very much impressed with the Hotel and would like to visit the hotel very frequently.
It was a big mistake I booked that hotel. I was looking for a room near High Court, as I can avoid the travelling in the morning. But it's took so much time to reach there as this hotel located in a non familiar lane. Rooms and bathroom were leaking from sealing. Very unhygienic. No food, not even tea. It's not even worth for 200/ per day. I say big NO NO NO to this hotel.
Chennai is very good place, this place is very hot and humid. Last year I went to Chennai with my family and we stayed Chennai Palace Hotel. In that hotel we stayed for 3 days, the hotel staff are well behaved they help us every time. Hotel location are good, also there food are different tasty and healthy.
Good service. Good activities. Good front office.The appearances is very good. Totally very good hotal. Go and enjoy. Food and drink is very good. The location is very good. The destination is excellent. And good fire safty equipments. Very good hotel and employees.
excalat service swimming is naice room service is to good good car parkking fecilytys naice senarish in the room tub bath is excalet food is good night pup is amesing ysbut teie phone lines r soo buzy allway buzzzzy all is so speacial party h so match fun for drinks
Stayed here for 2 nights earlier this year. The hotel is located almost on highway, so connections are fine. Its a good place to stay for a few days. The rooms are well-appointed and well-maintained. The staff is good and efficient. The reception is efficient and check-in and check-out was smooth. The wifi was ok. The restaurant food was average, and I would not recommend the food here.
I would like to visit again, i have very enjoyable movements and very tasty food. I would like to visit again, i have very enjoyable movements and very tasty food. I would like to visit again, i have very enjoyable movements and very tasty food. I would like to visit again, i have very enjoyable movements and very tasty food.
It was located on main highway. Location was good. Interior was creatively decorated. I booked it online. No problem I have faced during check in and check out. Their staff was very good. Overall food is awesome. Food quality is so good.
My experience was very good in this hotel. I have online booked this hotel. No problem I have faced during check-in and check-out time. Their staff was very good. They wore all same dresses and their dresses are clean. This hotel was located on main highway road. Food was excellent.
I was on a personal visit to Chennai. The stay in the hotel stated above was really very comfortable. The management and staff were very courteous and I was looked after by them very much. The area was well connected and the premises were hygienically maintained. Food was provided according to the need and taste of the occupants. The overall arrangement was very Good.
ordinary hotel , just to stay for few hours is ok , no food facility, otherwise not recommendable
I have been to this hotel many times for my business trips to Chennai and is centrally located and is economical on pocket with good service standards. I would highly recommend this hotel for business travellers. Completely satisfied with the hotel and will surely book for next trip.
This is real good hotel, easy to access from egmore railwaystation, Palani a front desk person who really helps a lot while check-in. Morning buffet breakfast was good. Overall good hotel.
My arrival was at 6am and hotel said they need Rs. 3000 extra for early check-in, and look wise its pathetic, food is good.
As usual, it was a great time at Park Plaza. They have taken care all the aspects in a very satisfactory way. The room was well prepared clean and cozy. Quality of food is always an attraction here and their restaurant team really deserves an appreciation.
Hotel ok but they are 12pm to 12pm check out. This is not good for marketing and official people. If they provide 24 hours from check-in means ok. All other hotels have 24 hours time from check-in hereafter we won't prefer this hotel and also not recommend to our neighbours.
Should treat all customers in same manner. But make my trip route booking is treated differently, this should be avoided. Why dinner is not provided as it is provided to other customers booked thro phone. IF it is the case, we will not book through makemytrip app.
Hotel is located near egmore and central railway stations. This is the first advantage. You can go around all the places easily. Front office is ok. The rooms are spacious enough and the wash room is clean and neat. The restaurants with both veg and non-veg are available. The tastes are really good. Well-satisfied.
Pathetic. Under renovation. Very bad. Poor food quantity and not clean. Untidy and need a lot of improvement. Under renovation do not operate hotel. It causes inconvenience to all.
Reception is very bad that to if we go with Makemytrip booking. They like to have direct customers where they can charge more and if we go through Makemytrip they are unwelcome, they will not even smile. They will allot bad rooms if we go with Makemytrip. Breakfast is good.
Very good ambience, excellent and quality food, prompt service, spacious room and so on. I would recommend this hotel for a stay in Chennai. The staff of the hotel were very cooperative too. Thank you Makemytrip for providing such a beautiful service.
Can improve the room door and bathroom painting, may be they keep this kind of room for make my trip booking people because of the discount amount, isn't anyway can stay, not too bad, the staff look like they work with unsatisfaction but the location is nice.
Excellent Hotel with excellent facilities. Location is very good. Well connected to railway station and airport. Taxis are available on demand even at odd hours. Service can be improved. I needed to ask for towels at least three times before they provided.
I had visited this hotel alone for official tour. The overall experience was very good in the hotel. The room provided by the hotel was neat and clean. All amenities were available in the room. The parking place was available in the hotel. The hotel was located in the city. The behaviour of the staff's was very good in the hotel.
Good hotel in Channai for staying, services provided by them are good, the way communicate with customers is good and they will provide the nice food of your choice. If you are visiting the Channai , you can always get into this hotel. I had good experience in Channai and with this hotel.
The Hotel location is very good with in proximity of marketing, malls and theater. Interior is good can improve a lot in it. They can re-design the rooms. Facilities like Gym, Spa, Swimming pool, etc. , can become added features. Food is average need more attention towards it. They should provide complimentary water bottles, cookies, etc. ,
Best service and clean and very good for parking but extra services for need, some extra cleaning need in bathroom but it's.
Restaurant rate will be reduced. It will be happy if it located at the centre for Egmore and Central Railway Station with high safety because, so that is near to the police commissioner office. This hotel steps are very small. Room is well-equipped with spacious veranda.
This was my second stay and trust me they know how to maintain their standard. I was pleasantly surprised that the staff there still remembered me even after a 7 month gap. It was a wonderful experience and I am sure it is because of them my stay in Chennai was pleasant. Any room is fine as long as it on a slightly higher floor. This is just my liking to stay on higher floors!
It's really good budget hotel and average room service. But the good thing is, the location of hotel is at center of city. Very clean and pleasant ambiance. Service was good, room was very good and comfortable. Rooms are superb as like five star hotel with good A/c, big LED TV and WiFi.
Last month I visited hotel Aadithya Hotel, Chennai. The hotel was very great and big. Hotel is placed at near Kali Pond. Hotel is looking very pretty and beautiful. Hotel has very big ground and beautiful garden. Hotel provided free net surfing service and also provided free cab ride. I enjoyed candle light dinner on that hotel. I stayed for at 2 days. Those 2 days were very lovely and great in my life.
My stay in Aadithya Hotel was very fine and relaxing. I had spend my two days very nicely and enjoyed a lot here. Hotels appearance was just Ok and location. Staff was very helping and facilities were very good. Clean and tidy room are nicely decorated. Food available was quite average rather decent in quality. After staying here and trying hotels I would say its a good hotel.
It was a pleasant experience staying here. It is well-located in Chennai. The hotel amenities are good and you will be satisfied with them. The staff are always smiling and friendly. Food quality is also great and you get a lot of varieties to choose from. Overall, had a nice stay
Firstly I want to say is that they will receive you politely. They provide you services based on your wishes only. The pool is very cool and good for swimming with fresh water. The television with good set up cable, internet facility and daily room cleaning is done in the room. So choosing this hotel is best thing when you have a long trip in summer. This hotel looks like as they show in hotel web site pages.
It was very good hotel and romantic place. I came with my girlfriend, she enjoyed very much and the room was very nice. Bed was very comfortable to sleep and the appearance was very good. My girlfriend like the swimming pool, she had good time there and enjoyed very much. It was my very nice experience there.
I have visited here for my personal work. It is a value for money hotel to stay. Rooms are spacious. Location of hotel is centrally located. Services of staff are great and give good response, they are quick in response. Food is delicious and tasty.
Good one & its a beautiful place with a stunning view of the lake. The zoo, china peak, lakes around Bhimtal such as Naukuchiatal etc are nearby. The real beauty of the lake can be felt if you are at any of the hilltop resort, with the reflection of lights into the lakes nearby!!
Really very good hotel and having comfortable beds, I slept relaxing by watching television, cable option is also available. Respective staff and helping in times of problem, the housekeeping services are provided daily. I enjoyed my trip by booking this hotel.
Average stay which is never happened to me from MMT. Very small room without much space to walk. It didn't match with the pics shown in the website. Room smells with some kind of old water droplets. Average hotel.
Location wise good hotel. Staff well behaved. Nearby vijaya mall. Good bar. Barbeque nation. They provide iron box for pressing cloth. Nice hotel for stay. Next time definitely I will be there. Easy access for ever where in Chennai.
Room is very spacious and satisfactory service, very comfortable car parking place, attached restaurant maintain good hygienic with reasonable prices. Availability of hot water around the clock.
Hotel location is very good and very convenient to reach. The reception and corridors are well maintained and service is good as well. But the room that we checked in was not very clean with mosquitoes and stinking smell coming out. Overall, the experience was average.
The Hotel was good in location, service, cleanliness. This is a value for Money. But the hotel need to improve their facilities like cab service etc . .
Hotel is more suitable for business trip. Front office and back office people's good. Totally nice homely experience. Next visit Aldo planned to book same hotel. Prime location near to bus stand and airport.
Average hotel, but location is heart of the city is good. TV wasn't working, breakfast was good even with limited menu. Rooms are dark, inside room one doesn't know whether it's day or night. Building is plotted crudely here.
Its overall good for money. Room is very small. Service is good and locality also very fine and it's in near Vadapalani temple. Foods are really tasty and good. Anyone looks for spacious room, Better option is Vijaya Park which is very spacious.
The complimentary breakfast impressed much. The hotel surroundings needs to be put cleanly. Hotel should have cab service. Air conditioners to be serviced periodically. Extra noises in the surrounding areas to be minimized.
Except the location. Not worth for money. Stinking toilets and very small. Don't try this hotel. You will be more disappointed based on the location of this hotel. Horrible tea and coffee too. AC remote won't work etc. Nothing to say positive.
Decent place for a day's stay.. Location is near & Metro station. The Bar was also fine but with loud music, please avoid to go there on Saturday night if you do not like loud music, in the other hand there is a dance floor for people who come in a gang for a party to enjoy.
The hotel is great and its location makes it even better. Its opposite SIMS hospital and next to metro station. The only problem is the WiFi here is pretty slow or we can say doesn't even works sometime.
The room is not having the amenities as shown in your web. No LED TV. Only ordy TV. No Split AC only window AC. No chairs in room. Room is not spacious as shown in the web photo. Cot is very small and our legs are overhanging and we have no sound sleep. Totally, the room is not comfortable.
If I ask the glass in housekeeping it will take half an hour of time and food also late. Reconditioning was not good but faculty was good. Rate was adjustable that only one hotel of Murugan temple area. Outside good. Food available in hotel saravana bhavan.
I had visited this hotel with my family. The hotel location was good. The appearance of the hotel was very good. The hotel reception service was good. The overall service of the hotel was good. The room service was on time. There were no restaurants inside the hotel. There were no activities provided inside the hotel. The behaviour of the staff's was good. There was no Wi-Fi service available. The check in and checkout service was on time.
Hotel is in a very good location, staff is very pleasant, rooms are clean and interiors overall were nice. Have stayed here half a dozen times and each time i go back feeling good. strongly recommend for all business or family travel. We had only Breakfast.We were not happy with quality and choice of Food.Not much variety, the taste was not Good. Swimming Pool is excellent.
Hotel is very good and affordable for a normal people. Food is very good and hygienic. Rooms are good but not much spacious. But clean. Easy to reach from Railway Station/Airport. Receiption is good and well-maintained. People also very cooperative. Service is good in all respect.
The hotel location was very good. Excellent reception services. The interior of rooms were good and felt comfortable. Room service was very good. Restaurant and the service was good. I enjoyed the swimming pool. Car parking facilities need to improved. A small kitchen facility if provided will be helpful. Overall the stay was good.
good.12noon check out....They have a permit room in the hotel.Break fast is complimentary and is sumptuous.
It was amazing stay and very near to US consulate. Good options for visa purpose visiting persons
Beautiful & clean only issue is the shower room was to small.
IT WAS GOOD. IT IS GOOD FOR A BUSINESS TRAVELLER, WITH A GOOD LOACTION
Hotel location is great with excellent hotel staff Vamsi, Vince, Shobhna, Vijay , Saurabh etc who helped me a lot as I was first time and new in city . Thanks everyone!!
Nice hotel with friendly and helpful staffs. Comfy bed however a king size would have been better. A bit small for family with kids but great for couples or business travellers. Buffet Spread was not that lavish but food was tasty. Overall a good place to stay in the city center
rooms are not very spacious, but in immaculate condition.  Restaurant - though small, had delicious food.  The room rent I paid included buffet breakfast and overall package was great value for money.  It is an ideal location for those who come to chennai for US visa purpose as the consulate is just 1km from the hotel and the biometrics is at about 3km from this hotel. Overall I had a pleasant experience.
Went to chennai for Visa purpose and they stay was outstanding , was greeted with smiling faces at the hotel ; excellent service specially the restaurant ( spice it ) and excellent people / hospitality ; they offered many complimentary things for my daughter which makes me happy. The food was awesome and the breakfast buffet was equally great. I recommend it and will visit again.
Front desk at 5th floor, view is not the most pleasant
Awesome love the stay
Perfect location if you have a VISA interview at the US Consulate.  Everything else was good.
The location is great and easy access. Surly recommended.
A good hotel for the price: comfortable, and in a good area.
This was one of the better places I have stayed in India! Even places that cost twice as much were only half as good. The food was great, the staff was great, the value was great, the room was great, the location of the hotel was quite and charming and I really enjoyed everything about the hotel. I will recommend this place to anyone visiting Chennai unless you might want to be closer to a specific location. And also really wonderful Wi-fi!
hotel is in a noise free,family friendly locality...good breakfast...
Very helpful staff throughout the stay. Security guard was too sweet.
no restaurant as mentioned, no king size bed, no travel desk....it's my worst experience
I did not like the hotel as its in interior area even you can not get any good place to have dinner or lunch near by this hotel.
The hotel is good bt the location is too interior.
Was there for an exam. A small hotel. But a bit noisy and my room was opposite reception area that i dint like . Except that everything else was fine .
It was an awesome surprise to see such a clean and beautiful boutique hotel that is so affordable in the middle of the city.   The staff were so friendly and service oriented which was refreshing.  I can't recommend enough this hotel to anyone who needs to stay close to all Chennai's main attractions.
The room was okay, but I was disappointed in the service. The desk managers were less-than-happy to help out with such small matters as calling a cab, and in fact did not know the area well. One of them (the younger one) had a habitual response to all my queries: \"No\" or \"I don't know.\" It looks like a matter of poor training, something I've noticed at other Treebo hotels. Treebo needs to attend to this.
The guy at the reception gave the impression that he is suffering us. I saw another guest ask for some small help and was faced with blank stares. No food nearby and no help from the hotel looking for food.
Nice place,excellent value for money.  Only thing that could be better was hygiene.Had mosquitoes in the room,the staff took no action,got well resolved after calling treebo helpline. Would definitely comeback.
Lication not that good. Small hotel with 16 rooms Breakfast was very bad. Waiter kept refusing for everything  Feedback tablet not working at time of check out
No proper electricity was provided. Hotel was ok and clean. Breakfast was not up to the point. AC was not working properly
Friendly staff and good location...it is city centre.so not much traffic for connectivity.
God place to stay
My stay with hotels.com is always excellent
This Hotel is terrible. They provide poor service. Very expensive. They charge heavily.
Overall hotel room is good within the budget and near to airport.
We arrived late and there were staff on hand to welcome us and check us in. For the price, I thought it was a pretty good value.
Due to the lack of coordination regarding the registration of the room between the hotel and Expedia, we had to unnecessarily wait for two hours that made us reschedule our plan for the day. There was serious lack of ethics and coordination which led to a disruption of plans and had us wait unnecessarily.
Horrible room service , no water for bathing , no water in rest room , no bed sheets , will commit kiHorrible room service , no water for bathing , no water in rest room , no bed sheets , will commit king size beds but will provide spilt beds , will commit car parking but only 3 are available out which one will be occupied by them only
Stay was comfortable. Because of recent cyclone, there was outage of wifi and TV dish access which caused some inconvenience. Food was great and staff was courteous and helpful.
Good hotel. I like the cleanliness and the calm atmosphere the best. And it is safe for a single traveler. Very very customer friendly. they allow early check-ins if required.
The front area was not really attractive but the rooms were very modern with ample lightings and area. Only problem was that I had requested a double bed for my room but all 3 rooms that I booked had twin beds. The food that we ordered thru room service was delivered very promptly. The food was great too.
The place was amazing, a good location, however it was hard to communicate with the staff because they hardly speak english or any other language that is not their own.
This place is awesome, very neat and tidy rooms with best possible amenities. Hotel staff were too friendly. Will recommend this place to everyone and specially for people visiting chennai for visa.
It is always abut the people that make it special.  From top to bottom they go the extra mile to make it special.
Wi-Fi was not working. Rooms were smaller than expected.  But the room was clean.  Breakfast was moderate but good. There was no pain killer available.
Very much appreciated: quiet room, great shower, good bed, excellent TV connection, late check-out deal, airport shuttle, very friendly and helpful staff, in-house restaurant, reasonable price.
Bit costly as the room size is smaller and bathroom is small.  Service and food is good
Very conveniently located when stopping over at Chennai , efficient staff and good food. To recommend without hesitation.
good hotel for resting up after airport ...near to local train station
I had an early flight and had requested something to be packed for breakfast twice to staff  Did not get it Did not get the wake up call on time  Terrible service  Would not recommend
Convenient location and good service. Hotel for airport is adequate and comfort is above average if compared with other mid-ranged airport hotels around the world. They offer frequent and reliable airport pick up and drop off service which I found very useful.
Very bad staff and their treatment
Very good for business travel
The facility and room are 5 star standard.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.
Hotel is very recent. Facilities are good. Service is ok. Nothing to do outside the hotel, just one Catholic Church on the opposite road.  Price is far for what you get in room and food. Beverage a little high price.
No more facilities base on price Location no good View no nice No shopping complex nearby
The hotel is great and located in a business district so not much around the local area.  My trip was for business and the hotel was located next door to my clients office for great for me.
Excellent Hotel to stay in. Very nice staff and ambiance.
Property is more of a apart-hotel than actually a hotel; being newly done it's quite clean and tidy. But no facilities of a hotel should be expected like there is no lounge, lobby, coffee shop, etc. Only a mini-restaurant to cater to the breakfast.
One of the important hotel in Chennai. This is very clean and neat place. So many of people to stay that hotel because its very safe and calm. All facilities are available in this hotel. Servant are very friendly and co-operative. I like this hotel very much.
Though we had some initial hiccups related to early check in, the hotel staff overall were very accomadative considering the situation of recent cyclone affecting Internet connectivity, power supply and transportation. The hotel is very well maintained and the breakfast was delicious.

The rooms are clean, new mattresses and fittings. The AC works very well and the room smells clean. This is a quiet neighbourhood. The staff are very attentive and responsive to customer requests. All in all, a very cost effective and clean option in the Tech Park area.
Had very peaceful and pleasant stay on a business visit. I stayed here for 3 days. Room was so beautiful and neatly maintained. Neatly furnished and awesome looking. Enjoyed my stay. Good place to stay peacefully. I'll definitely recommend this to my friends and family.
I have stayed in this hotel for almost 2 weeks, for my official visit. Stay is excellent, food is ok. It is little difficult to locate this place. Definitely recommended for official stay.
Myself and my friend stayed in this place and the service provided is excellent. Staff here are very friendly. I would recommend this hotel for the official stays since it's near by my office and very easy to locate. Taxi driver took us easily, will visit once again.
Pleasure to here once again.... would like to thanks oyo team... god bless to all of you. Pleasure to here once again.... would like to thanks oyo team... god bless to all of you. Pleasure to here once again.... would like to thanks oyo team... god bless to all of you.
Place is good if you looking for a place nearby techpark like Metro tech park and Olympia tech park. Ambience, cleanliness and atmosphere are good. Reasonable for long time stay, on disadvantage hotel provides only breakfast.
Been a good place to stay for people who visit Olympia Tech Park. Its a 10 minute walk to the Tech Park and the facilities are quite good. Traditional breakfast is provided and it tastes good. Airport pick up and drop services would have helped a bit but that's fine, it's easy to find the place using maps.
It was really nice to have accommodation with OYO Rooms. Enjoyed it. Rooms were neat & clean especially toilet. It was a pleasant welcome to the hotel. Complimentary breakfast could make more better by asking the preferences. And requesting you to send the PDF Invoices, so business people easily can claim their expenses, if its needs from the company..
They are service and room cleaning good. Food is excellent and restaurant manager Simbu, he is very kind and all the staff very helpful. I should mention the food they are making biryani it is really excellent but they are not providing complimentary water bottle. Apart from that everything is good. Main plus point is near the Marina Beach. Overall excellent stay.
Unlike earlier when everything was billed and we paid on check out, this time we had to pay cash for everything we bought including food. The quality of food has also gone down. We had Breakfast and Dinner at the hotel but the food was not up to the earlier standards. We regret for choosing this hotel, though we have been staying for last five years.
Comfortable as well as affordable. Good parking facility. Decent buffet hall. Neat and clean. In the evenings sea breez will be there. Good ambiance in the reception. Room service to beimproved.
I'm very impressed the rooms and service are good. Foods are excellent. The hotel is fully centralized a/c. And it's near by railway station. I would like to say you must be stay in Hotel Metro Manor. Location is good we can easily get taxi, auto and public transport.
I have to visit destination. I am happy to say about that hotel and location is also near to Bus Stop and Railway Station and appearance of the hotel is also very nice and booking. Front office is also very nice and I want any help that time they are providing me service. Room was comfortable with neatness. The TV is nice providing activities. Hotel management should improve.
I have stayed at Metro Manor during my business visit to Chennai, location is very near to the Chennai Central Station. Reception area is smaller and the hotel appearance is not that much good. The rooms were quite OK but with very old TV, Air conditioner and Furnitures. - To be improved. Service is good, the food at the hotel restaurant is damn good at the reasonable price. Best budget hotel.
Hotel is situated very near to Chennai Central Railway Station, best landmark will be Jawahar Lal Nehru stadium gate No. 4. Hotel rooms are spacious and ok on cleanliness part, as few rooms are used all time hence not maintained properly. Rooms at the back side are very clean. Food taste is average, and WiFi speed is ok.
Good hotel located nearest to railway station. Food and service are too good.
This Property earlier belongs to someone else & now has been taken by new management & same is reflected in most of the things i.e Good changes in interiors etc. Best point with hotel is it's location which is very near from Chennai railway station although it is not crowded. Wifi is available with good speed. Overall performance is good. Recommended budget hotel.
Booked Hotel Via Online for an friends meet, Welcome from reception was good. I heard property is taken over by new management. So I could see lot of improvement. Rooms are well-designed. Food is superb and simple. Wifi speed is very fast. Overall a Budget is good, would recommend to friend.
I visited Chennai during the month of January and I stayed at Metro Manor. Location of the hotel is good. Actually it is located opposite to a stadium. Hotel lobby is also decent, but rooms are average. Food is great, but unfortunately they do not have any pool or sports games. Staff are well behaved. Overall I would say it is a moderate hotel.
Everything was okay in this hotel. I booked my room through online via company. I went there for business purpose. They did not provide transportation facility. I went there alone. I did not take my food in the hotel but they provided complimentary breakfast and it was good. Nothing was available in activities.
An unpleasant experience, with the hotel not separating the pub and the residents which annoys the stay and the sleep. Prices in the bar is not a reflection of the hotel, they were too high. Room conditions, the knowledge of staff were extremely poor.
stay was comfortable but there were cockroaches in the room. so, GLM nneds to take care of that. the supermarket was closeby, so very convenient.
Very poor condition. Shower head was broken with part on the floor. Towels were old and dirty looking. Only consolation is that the staff are helpful
Good food and can experience better sleep.bathroom is not that great but ok with budget standard. Spacious room.
It was excellent stay....
Room was comfortable and spacious. Amenities were good.Close to the biggest shopping spot in Chennai.
Room service is pathetic. Complimentary breakfast - very less options. WiFi not working properly
stay in hotel was comfortable transport was easily available
Comfortable rooms but the dinning area needs to be cleaned. Other than that was a good venue
Had a great stay! The staff were friendly and helpful and the room and bath were really  clean.
Need to be clearer on billing details.
Good for a short stay and work in Anna Nagar areas
Besides the wifi not working well and the noisy club downstairs at nights everything else was ok
The hotel is pretty clean with excellent bedding and a very clean bath. The wifi works on and off an probably that's one of the areas that needs to be improved . They do not have a business center but I got printouts from them. Buffet breakfast was South Indian and had toasted bread too.
Unlike earlier when everything was billed and we paid on check out, this time we had to pay cash for everything we bought including food. The quality of food has also gone down. We had Breakfast and Dinner at the hotel but the food was not up to the earlier standards. We regret for choosing this hotel, though we have been staying for last five years.
Comfortable as well as affordable. Good parking facility. Decent buffet hall. Neat and clean. In the evenings sea breez will be there. Good ambiance in the reception. Room service to beimproved.
I'm very impressed the rooms and service are good. Foods are excellent. The hotel is fully centralized a/c. And it's near by railway station. I would like to say you must be stay in Hotel Metro Manor. Location is good we can easily get taxi, auto and public transport.
I have to visit destination. I am happy to say about that hotel and location is also near to Bus Stop and Railway Station and appearance of the hotel is also very nice and booking. Front office is also very nice and I want any help that time they are providing me service. Room was comfortable with neatness. The TV is nice providing activities. Hotel management should improve.
I have stayed at Metro Manor during my business visit to Chennai, location is very near to the Chennai Central Station. Reception area is smaller and the hotel appearance is not that much good. The rooms were quite OK but with very old TV, Air conditioner and Furnitures. - To be improved. Service is good, the food at the hotel restaurant is damn good at the reasonable price. Best budget hotel.
Hotel is situated very near to Chennai Central Railway Station, best landmark will be Jawahar Lal Nehru stadium gate No. 4. Hotel rooms are spacious and ok on cleanliness part, as few rooms are used all time hence not maintained properly. Rooms at the back side are very clean. Food taste is average, and WiFi speed is ok.
Good hotel located nearest to railway station. Food and service are too good.
This Property earlier belongs to someone else & now has been taken by new management & same is reflected in most of the things i.e Good changes in interiors etc. Best point with hotel is it's location which is very near from Chennai railway station although it is not crowded. Wifi is available with good speed. Overall performance is good. Recommended budget hotel.
Booked Hotel Via Online for an friends meet, Welcome from reception was good. I heard property is taken over by new management. So I could see lot of improvement. Rooms are well-designed. Food is superb and simple. Wifi speed is very fast. Overall a Budget is good, would recommend to friend.
I visited Chennai during the month of January and I stayed at Metro Manor. Location of the hotel is good. Actually it is located opposite to a stadium. Hotel lobby is also decent, but rooms are average. Food is great, but unfortunately they do not have any pool or sports games. Staff are well behaved. Overall I would say it is a moderate hotel.
Everything was okay in this hotel. I booked my room through online via company. I went there for business purpose. They did not provide transportation facility. I went there alone. I did not take my food in the hotel but they provided complimentary breakfast and it was good. Nothing was available in activities.
Nice time.
Well maintained exterior and interior. Warm reception. Good For short stay to breeze in & out. Food & Beverage is a sore point as it has neither a kitchen nor a restaurant. Everything has be ordered from outside or you have to step out -like it or not. Price is not justified for lack of such basic services.
i enjoyed to live there.i was with my friend.i got all facilities at there.good services i fell at there.ggfjjmk yhgktrh ljtioljk jkr7i. lphjhgfr lkol.h8jko khiklp nuto.jiohuo.gtbhrrjknuyml.kitrbureijn .hj8jot6reeuhn lkounlojbkkutbv .ujhybnkiuj kih8t.
I went there on official visit. It was a great experience staying at Cloud Nine. You feel great to be there. The staff was very helpful. The food there was excellent. The premise was clean and green. Would love to visit the place again. It would be better to stay there for a week and enjoy the city around. The market place is nearby. The beach is bit far away as well.
I has an appointment near by the hotel so i stayed there for two days. The hotel was in close proximity to lot of places like famous bar and market. Rooms were great with modern amenities and comfortable furniture. Language was a little problem in the area but hotel staff can assist you in case of problem.
Its a very cool and luxurious cottage to stay in for families and couples. Enjoy the time exploring the resort play area for kids. Excellent food at your door step, out of crowd on the height of excellence interior. Have many options for cottage from single to full villa for a family of 12 persons good privacy maintained.
The apartment is well maintained but the location is misleading as the it is 2-3 kms from university with poor connectiviy and each time we have to go very far for food ,staff were courteous  and cooperative.
Sewer gas was coming from the Bath room. Otherwise the place is decent. Staff was fine though not overtly cooperative.
It was very comfortable and staff of hotel was very polite..in short my experience in oyo rooms was fantastic
Room is clean, comfortable and cozy. Wi-Fi facilities is bad. Fooding was good. Prime location. Bathrooms are neat and clean. Everything is good except lift. Lift is too small. Stay in hotel is value for money.
Average hotel with good location. Food and services below average. Room size OK
Good and superb location. For and room service are perfect. But rent is bit high for guests within tamilnadu. Charge usual to? R ??? Long distant guests and more from foreigners.
Good but location was not so good. Very near by railway station. Food veg & non veg mix. AC is working with noise. Please maintain. Hotel staff very cooperative. Other facility like transportation are available. Room service is slow. On average hotel is good for stay.
The stay is very nice. The front office received well. All staff are courteous. The breakfast was very nice. The hotel can be recommended. Very near to central station. The travel desk was helpful. Very convenient to go around city.
Rooms are neat and clean. Good food all amenities are good. Really appreciate the room service for providing our needs on time. Prime location very near to central and egmore, Railway station in the centre of Chennai.
I stayed here for a day and found everything good here. Nice hotel with quick service and Nice food also. It was very cost-effective hotel situated in good locality near to Chennai central. Over all posts it was fine.
AC was not properly working and staff are not adequate enough to manage the guests. WiFi is very poor. No connectivity at all. Walls and AC are very old and not properly maintained. Must be improved immediately.
Ok stay. As all locations are nearby so ok for me. Checkout at least 15 mins before from your scheduled time as they take long time to prepare the bill. Housekeeping is not up to the mark. Food is good.
I stayed from 13th to 16 th April. It was an excellent stay. Great value for money. Service was excellent. WiFi speed was a problem though. Overall great hotel and great service will recommend to others.
Hotel location is near to Chennai Central Railway Station up to 1 km. Front office staff behaviour is not good. I am always book hotels through Makemytrip and any hotel didn't want to print out hotel voucher but this hotel told us if you will give print out of booking voucher we will charge as per our tariff. Food quality is also not good. Same day laundry facility is not available at this hotel.
Rooms were fantastic, hospitality was really good,personally we are very happy about this home stay, it was under our budget also and... We were a group of 6 and had stayed for about 2 nights and 3 days. First things first, this home is located at a conveniently identifiable area in the town...
Hi, i had a very bad experience with regards to hotel which I stayed last time. I made full payment online through cleartrip.com before checking in to the hotel. But, while checking out, the hotel people made me to pay as they have not received the payment from cleartrip.com.
I visited to Chennai during month of February and I stayed at this hotel. Hotel location is very good. Easily one can find this hotel. Service of hotel is excellent and very quick. Rooms are neat and clean and well-design. Basic amenities like bed, TV, AC, are in good condition. Bathroom was good and there was elevator in the hotel, restaurant facility was very good with varieties of food items.
There are several hotels available on this locality instead I choose this because of its appearance, but when I checked in the rooms were too poor and not clean, requested with manager to change the room but not happened, just some room spray they did.
What a place it is. Just amazing. I visited with my parents. This place is good. Generally it's very good for guest. We stay for 5 days. Behaviour of all members towards us was very good. They also provides very good quality food. Which is attractive. The environment is too good. In my view I wish to all to visit this place. Enjoy the foods and place.
Taj guest house is situated at a perfect location near beach. The view is just awesome from here. The rooms were not too big but well cleaned and well maintained. The staff was very helpful. The food was very yummy. I enjoyed my trip to Taj Guest House. I will surely come back again in this hotel to stay.
One of the best hotel in Chennai to celebrate mini function. Last month our family celebrated birthday function. Our family very happy to celebrate function because very compatible. Very large space, different types of food was available, rooms are very neat. Car parking was spacious. Everything was ok.
Taj guest house is situated at a perfect location near beach. The view is just awesome from here. The rooms were a bit small but properly cleaned. The staff was helpful and the food was yummy too. All the basic amenities were provided. Overall, it was a descent stay with great location.

Not a good hotel for family's and couples. Because very poor rooms, but other wise check in and out is good, Room service, food services not good. Hotel area near by Chennai central railway station. This hotel location was good. My experience I suggest not to Go with family here, Good for Business stay
we had good experience, all the facilities and services provided by the hotel was excellent and was comfortable in all means....
It was nice, the hotel owner was so supportive and helpful,the thing is that the person knew Hindi. Each and every person of Chennai are helpful even if we communicate with sign language and a bit of English language.
It was nice and memorable !The hospitality management was quite fine.The main catch of this hotel is its location in the beach.With very nice Banquet hall ambience and international quality food.Mainly those Sandwiches and Grilled Prawns.Overall one shouold visit this hotel at least once in a while.Its away from the chennai city central on the road to mahavalipuram.
It is a budget hotel, which is very near to central railway station. I can't say it is excellent, but it is less to excellent. Overall, for business purpose stay it is the good hotel I can say. It's simple and good. The cleanliness is good in the room. I think in the budget it is the good room I can suggest.
Very bad experience. This Hotel is just like a Lodge, not good for family.
Everything was good in this hotel. The food quality was nice. The activity was provided in this hotel. The overall service was very good. The room facility was fine. I would recommend this hotel for upcoming travellers. Wi-Fi connection was arranged in the room. The complimentary breakfast was given by the hotel.
I had visited this hotel for business trip. The food was good. All kind of food was provided. I was satisfied with this hotel stay. Normal facility was provided in the room. I would suggest this hotel to improve the service. I would recommend this hotel for other travellers. The hotel activity was arranged by the hotel.
Hotel is very beautiful and every bady like the hotal the hotal food is very taste and the room is very beautifully the hotal servant is very is nice work it very nice and every body like the hotal and the hotal place is very beautiful and natural is very nice every body like it
Hotel is very beautiful and every bady like the hotal the hotal food is very taste and the room is very beautifully the hotal servant is very is nice work it very nice and every body like the hotal and the hotal place is very beautiful and natural is very nice every body like it
Hotel is very beautiful and every bady like the hotal the hotal food is very taste and the room is very beautifully the hotal servant is very is nice work it very nice and every body like the hotal and the hotal place is very beautiful and natural is very nice every body like it
Hotel is very beautiful and every bady like the hotal the hotal food is very taste and the room is very beautifully the hotal servant is very is nice work it very nice and every body like the hotal and the hotal place is very beautiful and natural is very nice every body like it
This is an amazing hotel. And I have stayed for a week with my family and it looks like a home. Great hotel and they are providing good service to their customers. I have felt peacefully here and my family members too.
The staff are extremely courteous and are always ready to serve you and respond to your queries promptly. The rooms are clean and well kept with free wi-fi facility which is very useful for the business traveler like me. All in all a decent place and can definitely recommend.
This is a very good hotel that ever i seen before. the fecilities in this hotel is very good, we are all know about this hotel, the interiors and the services are also good and exelent, the behaviour of the stafs are very kind, this hotel is situated in a suatable place that we can enter. I and my family liked the hotel very much....
This is one of the best hotels I had ever seen before. I enjoyed a lot and the room facilities are very good. It has been such a wonderful experience. I have no hesitation in saying that this is one of the best hotels I had ever seen and I enjoyed each and every moments I had spent there. I am out of words to describe the feeling of being in such a great place.
My wife and I stayed in this hotel last month, specially she liked travelling long distance. Everything was nice enjoyed a lot. Food had different varieties. Evening walk and swimming really enjoyable. I always remember that stay.
this hotel is very near to chennai airport. just 5 minutes travel..cab charge 140 rupees only.. more shopping places near the hotel (just like t nagar)
Terrible experience, staff were not friendly, dirty lobby. Website said there would be complimentary water but none was provided and room was dirty too with mouldy bathroom
Good one. Very near to airport. Worth for the price.
Hotel was good but no one asked for breakfast , mineral water facilities was not available , we drnk awuaguard water but still room was good bathroom was ok , hospitility was not good enough but not bad too , if u ask only then they would provide any thin needed
Very poor staff service and very poor behaviour by receptionist who stayed that night.
It is not worth for thee cost They moved to different address which is not being updated at MakyMytrip.
Ambience is good. Excellent location. Service staff is very courteous. Nice hotel. I stayed there for one day. It was a nice experience. If you want to stay in a hotel within budget you can visit this one. Best hotel at this price.
The booked hotel is not functional. Under renovation. So MMT should not be displaying this one. An alternate accommodation was provided around 6, though booking was at 12. Food not available even nearby. Down a year or so it may be a good place. God knows.
There is WiFi only in the lobby, so please shift your luggage to lobby and stay there itself. Other than this there was no issues. Toilets were little dirty.
Fake reviews and waste of money. The rooms are suffocating, the service is of least no proper maintenance beds are in worst condition. , not proper maintenance beds full of bed bugs couldn't able to sleep.
Not recommend ,....,....................... .........................................Not recommend ,....,....................... ......................................... Not recommend ,....,....................... ......................................... Not recommend ,....,....................... ......................................... Not recommend ,....,....................... .........................................
It was very bad experience, place was stinking, bad smell, not clean at all. For god sake please don't look into photos in the website. You will get shocked the moment landed in front of hotel. Only plus part is Express Avenue Mall is opposite to hotel.
Good and satisfactory staying. All things are good at moderate price. Front desk is very well mannered. Only disappointment that we wanted a single bed and a double bed as I booked 3 bedded room but unfortunately it was not provided to us. Food is good.
The hotel is pretty close to the US consulate. I just walked to the consulate, however, parking is limited to three cars only. The only plug that worked was the bathroom one, the restaurant next to the hotel takes a big time, apart from these two, rest were great.
Very stinky room. They don`t have clean buckets or towels. If they maintain cleanliness, then they are very good for budget stay. Very close to Embassy and shopping malls. Ideal for one attending interview at US consulate. Time taken for VAC is 25 to 30 minutes. Time taken for embassy is 2 to 3 minutes by auto.
I didn’t taste food from this hotel. I had booked this room by travel agency. I had visited this hotel for relaxation purpose. The hotel was located nearby the bus stop. The perking was not available at the hotel. The provided room was neat and clean in the hotel. All the amenities were provided in the room in working condition. I didn’t check Wi-Fi facility in the hotel.
Not even worth 300 per nite. Shabby, stinky and small rooms, broken commodes, untidy to the core. Not worth the risk. Only good thing about this hotel is the location. AC works fine. Dirty bathrooms. I wouldn't suggest this hotel to anyone. Looks like a chatram. Didn't expect this type of a hotel in Chennai.
Very bad experience. Room, food water, service all are poor. Rooms are not cleaned. Bed sheets are smelling bad. Only one plus is the location. Just opposite to Express Avenue mall. Overall very poor. Will not visit again. Makemytrip should remove these hotels from the list.
Need to be improved. No Internet facility, we have to ask for some other on request. But we liked the stay. Service is good. If they have restaurant, it would be much better. Lift was in the old manner, it also needs to be improved. Satisfied.
The room was not at all clean and was infested with bed bugs, we couldn't sleep at night. I don't recommend this room to people looking for comfortable stay. The only good thing is the location of the hotel where it's close to multiple attractions and places.
Very good appearance of the hotel front office was good staff was helpful, food was average, service was very bad activities of the hotel was average location of the hotel was good rooms was good no facilities in the hotel in hotel no good water to have
Secure, safe and easy to reach. Every thing available with walkable distance. It would be chance to see superstar Kamal Haasan sir and very comfortable for evening walk and morning walk. Near to medical emergency also. Overall, the area is full of natural art.
The hotel ambience is simply awesome. We received a warm welcome at the reception. The staff was welcoming and gentle. The room was spacious and neatly kept. There's a party hall sort of thing within hotel premises, so one can plan for any celebration here. There's a bar apart from the restaurant for dipsomaniacs to quench their thirsts. Totally I loved this Samco hotel.
Felt like coming out of the room. Amount is to high for that room.
Stayed in the club room of Samco Hotel in Chennai. I had a choice between some of the popular brand hotels and Samco Hotel. Looking at the positive reviews on Trip Advisor I decided for Chennai and am happy with my decision. I feel very happy to stay.
Samco Hotel is lovely hotel in chennai,this hotel is best for me in chennai because it was rear by city not far from city i didn't get any problem in check in,the hotel management and atmosphere are best rooms and toilets are too neat.hotel appearance is good,foods are good,nice hotel
Samco Hotel is one of the best hotel in Chennai. It is at a good location to stay relaxed. Good for destination, appearance is very good. Front office is good. Room service is good. Rooms are comfortable. Beds are large. Food and drinks are tasty. Total activity is good. Overall it is good hotel.
This was my third visit to Chennai and just like the earlier two visits, i booked this hotel without giving any second thought. This hotel is so adaptable than you will get a feeling of royality here. The way and with dedication they take care of us is really impressive. The wide lawn there gives you a perfect destination to hangout and enjoy you evening with setting sun. The location is very good, food is awesome and price is affordable.
It is one of the best hotel and very budget hotel to everyone. The rooms are in some money range. The location is very nice the surrounding place is good to see and stay and the appearance is not much there but it is ok. The food is provided by the hotel is with very genuine rate and the place is very beautiful the front office receiving is also good.
Its a good location to stay and relaxed. I enjoyed alot in the city. The hotel is good and it's a well-maintained with every services. The rooms were also good and I liked it. The food provided were the best one and it's super delicious. The hotel is in a good and a fresh location.
It was the best experience to stay.The hotel was beautiful from in and as well as from the outside.The rooms were really comfortable and it matches to the beauty of the hotel.I loved and enjoyed all the services of the hotel.The foods provided were the best part.
This hotel is best for me in Chennai because it was nearby city not far from city. I didn't get any problem in check-in. The hotel management and atmosphere are best. Rooms and toilets are too neat and clean. Food service are too good. Full of delicious food and drinks are super.
I have celebrated my 5th year marriage anniversary here, it was fantastic experience. It has a spacious hall for celebration with great dining hall. Food menu is excellent with different types of dishes. Rooms were spacious enough with excellent hospitality by service staff.
I picked the BKR Convention Centre. I expected the same level of standard as that of St. Mary's Road. And it did not disappoint me. Modern and spacious rooms. Check-in was very fast. Room service and breakfast were nice. It is worth every penny paid due to the treatment that you get, the ambience of the rooms, options of the restaurant and the icing on the cake being the gym.
Its not bad, good place to go and stay. Well-maintained hotel. They provided good service.
I did not found the location of the hotel that much good but the hotel infrastructure was nice. The rooms were okay, the service was decent and the food was comparatively good. They have kept it very neat and hygiene. My overall, experience was nice. I would recommend visiting it.
The room was neat, it has nice blankets and pillows. Nice infrastructure and interior design is also nice. Reasonable price and paying money is satisfied. Near to all the malls in Chennai. Beach is also near to hotel. Hotel service in the room is nice. Need to improve more on facilities.
I came to Chennai during the Business Trip and I stayed in the New Park Hotel for three days. It was a nice experience in the hotel. The ambience was good and their staffs was very polite and helpful. The quality of food was good and the dishes was nice and tasty. The interior design was good and stable WiFi connection and a/c rooms with TV made the trip as good one. I would like to visit again in the hotel and their hospitality was great.
Good hospitality, cordial service and easy accessibility from railway station and bus stand. Room maintenance and service is very good. I have availed reservation of my return journey from reception counter with in time. Much relaxed with out any tension through my stay.
Rooms are ok to stay but bedsheets/towels are not very clean. Saw cockroaches on the floor in the night when reported to front office and they gave us tissue paper to get rid of it. Use to have clean Restrooms but not anymore. Sorry might not stay again.
This is very important hotel in Chennai. All facility is available in hotel. Servant is very friendly and helpful. Hotel are very good clean and healthy. All types of food are available. Therefore, many of VIPs are stay in this hotel.
I went to U.S embassy for my visa. I was searching a hotel near to the embassy, I found one and I checked-in, it was one of the best experience of service which I got and the room was really good and I got the cheapest price near to embassy. If you are looking for the cheapest hotel near US embassy you can check-in.
Good experience for the cost we spent in this hotel
overall it was fine, but i liked all the visited places like the fort and palace and it was very greatfull to stay in mapple abhay.
Located in the heart of Chennai's central business district which is a great location situated at Sterling Road. Very different and peaceful place to stay relaxed and spend a weekend with friends. The rooms are good and well-maintained. The service is good, excellent food quality with hygienic preparation with many dishes. A best hotel I stayed for 3 days.
This is located in the heart of Chennai's central business district which is a great location situated at Sterling Road, Nungambakkam in Chennai. I stayed in this hotel for three days because it feels like I was at my home. It has homely environment. Fooding facility was good it was on time, quality was perfect. I was grateful that I stayed in this hotel.

To reach the place itself damn difficult. No facilities. Prepare yourself for food and other needs and reach there. No breakfast. No value for money. Room smells very bad. No hot water. Kindly skip it. Its not a resort. Just a room. Kindly go for better places.
Please take care before book this hotel. Because you want to spend minimum Rs:200 for up & down to reach this hotel. Also note you will not get proper complementary breakfast, because most time they will provide only aloo parata or panner parata. Be careful before book this hotel.
Ple don't recommend business oriented people ... It's very interior from main road and difficult to access public transport. No Hotel hospitality. No worth paying so much amount.
The hotel is located in horrific location. You have to search for the hotel. The main problem with the hotel is the location. In the night, it very hard to go out. You won't feel like going out of the hotel once you come in. You wont see people around the hotel. Just like Addams family hotel. Rest other things are okay with the hotel.
Excellent service and very down to earth people. The hotel offers homemade food on order. Place is kept neat and tidy and has lots of greenery around. Anyone who wants to conduct seminar or party hall and make use of this place, it is perfect as there is no pollution and it is absolutely noise free.
It's a good hotel except from the rush in the surroundings. It is a great experience to be here. The service was okay but you people need to get the food a little more perfect. The staff was good but the food should be more perfect. There should be a bar in the hotel.
Good hotel! Service is so nice. Room is like a dream of house. Car parking is so comfortable for us. Room service person are wearing uniform. It has neat and clean swimming pool. Every room has different painting and different colour.
I stayed at this hotel whenever I need to take an early flight from Chennai. Hotel is very nice with very convenient location, neat and clean rooms convenient for business travellers. Food is good, but may not offer much variety. Airport pickup and drop was well organised.
It was really good place for staying and having meetings and pleasant hospitality to stay and enjoy and provides very good accommodation, it has taste food. Items were fantastic and rooms were clean and hygienic. Nice place for business people for carrying their meetings.
Had difficulty in locating this place. Google map does not guide you to the right place. There was no one at front office when we reached. Room was not great. Bathrooms need to be refurbished/repaired. Highly priced for the facilities and location. Service was good. We got whatever we asked for. But they should have been provided by default.
Without telling anything they switched off main power. Without power I had to get ready at 4AM early morning to go to airport. Room is not neat & room size is not as shown in picture. Breakfast is not good, all spicy items are sweet & so I had bread.
The hospitality was very good and quick services were given as soon as possible. The hotel was very well-maintained and cleaned. The rooms were spacious. The location is one of the main reason to stay here. But bathrooms are average and can be much better. The food is also very tasty.
It is located in Alwarpet, not very difficult to locate the place. The rooms are just adequate, it is not very spacious. The complimentary breakfast is usually ready only by 8 a.m. so if you need to leave early, you might have to skip breakfast. There are a few good restaurants around.
It was 1 day stay at Ekaana cottage in chennai and it was a nice stay but it was difficult to reach the hotel and appearance of the hotel was good. There were limited number of staff and their service were up to the mark. We preferred food from other restaurant and rooms were very comfortable. Appearance of the hotel was excellent and did not used the activities arranged in the hotel.
It\'s very Good, this property is placed in center of Chennai city from where you can find the beach 2 km and other restaurant, mall\'s with 5 minutes walking distance.
It is very delightful in the atmosphere of Madras. Hotel was very well decorated and rooms were also very beautifully designed. I liked the overall view of the hotel. Food was very tasty and not so oily. I really enjoyed it. Room service was very quick. All the staff was well mannered, polite and humble.
We visit this hotel in a group for business trip! hotel does not have pool but rooms have big bathrooms and rooms are quite big with very comfortable bed. Televisions are big and playstation is also connected with televisions which passes time easily. I advise to travelers to bring daily essentials with you as hotel does not provide same. Food is delicious and healthy.
Well equipped, very spacious rooms. Very much upgraded. Hospitality is too good. Located near beach. Providing very scenic view. Also close to the temple. Early in the morning we could view the sunrise from our room. Which was a very soothing experience. Maintenance needs to be improved. As it is close to the beach. Also corrosive sea breeze has damaged the mirror. Overall excluding these minor things. We had a great stay with wonderful view.
Hotel is nice and service level is excellent. Only thing is the location some pond is there in-front of hotel gives bad Oder. Food also good. So convenient for Golden Beach. From office manager response is good. For family its best. For beach also very near.
Reached Chennai by train. Communication facilities are almost always available to the hotel. The hotel is situated near the sea shore and get a perfect view of the sunrise and the sea. Rooms and the hotel was clean. The room service was also good. You can enjoy the view of the sea beach right from the balconies. Food available here are bit costly but its affordable not so high.
This was such an awesome experience visiting this hotel. This was the best hotel I have ever visited. Most of my life has been spent in hotels but this hotel was the best. Room service was good. Hotel view was speechless. Whenever I will visit Chennai I will stay in this hotel only.
The hotel is situated near the sea shore and get a perfect view of the sunrise and the sea. Rooms and the hotel was clean. The room service was also good. Very near to the city so was able to look around also. The restaurant was on the top and we enjoyed the food it was delicious and tasty. The restaurant service was also good. Even a rest room was given to the driver. Services was very good and enjoyed the visit.
A very nice hotel, staff is quiet decent and the food was really awesome. The hotel reception will wake you up early in the morning as an alarm so, that you won't miss the beautiful Sun-Rise. Food quality is good too. As we were travelling by car so for the driver they have some extra place to stay too so, no need to worry about other expenses too. Overall a nice place to stay.
Enter minimum 100 charactersLocation wise, it is very accessible, it is in the main ECR, Chennai. The reception was excellent. Even the complimentary toiletries were good. The room was very much clean and it is very well maintained as was the toilet. Overall, a very good hotel for the price paid.
the resort was right at the beach ....value for moey
AC wont work effectively. I felt fan would be much better but we don't have that facility. Room service is not up to the mark. Good thing is hot water and 24/7 power supply and a poor signaled WiFi.
There was no activity available at the hotel. All amenities were provided in the room. Wi-Fi facility was provided in the room. I was satisfied to food and drink. I would recommend this hotel to upcoming travellers. The hotel was located inside the city.
The overall experience at the hotel was good. The food was not taken from the hotel. The staff's at the hotel were good and helpful. The appearance of the hotel was looking good. The room allotted to me was neat and clean. The amenities at the room were in good condition. The activity was not organized by the hotel. The parking facility was arranged by the hotel.
Old is gold. A good hotel in Chennai still now. It can be improved by introducing good foods and it can be more useful to compare with the new hotels which have been arriving now a days. New types will increase the efficiency of the hotel. The rooms with the food, TV connection will also paves a beautiful way. The room service should be improved a lot.
Good hotel located in heart of the city of Chennai! Rooms are well-maintained any very hygienic. They will provide you with a welcome kit includes tooth brush, oil, talc powder etc. Food is awesome but bit costlier but people can enjoy the stay. It also attached with a bar and you can enjoy your drink also.
nalla hotel. Reseption very bad. 2013 la stay panena ana food clear illa room k. Time passe lu akum .n good this hotel . High rate army hotel. Food high rate . Ana food clear a illa . Service clear illa . 1 time stay panena yaru stay pana matanka. Water clear illa medium Ana hotel k.room normal irkukum. Room la sound distupe a irukum.
I went for a official visit to Chennai Tiruvallur. I reached in the early morning around 3'o clock. I was finding very difficult to get rooms and hotel in Tiruvallur. Then I came to know about this hotel and went there. They provided good hospitality even in that much early on that day. The veg and non-vegetarian restaurant has attached with that hotel, they served quality food.
Whether the staff was timely in handling requests and definitely comment about the house keeping service provided, looking very smart and is house keeping is smiling face and all helps and full supported.would do differently if you were to say at that hotel again indoor was very good no noise loud simply super is nice place to near by very good. its like a good experience.
Good hotel to stay in for person travelling by bus. Its very near to bus stand. Its completely veg hotel
Overall rating is good. Room service to be improved. Room rental is acceptable. Near by shopping area, very convenient transport. Good restaurants are available near hotel. Complimentary breakfast provided. Internet connection is payable per day.
We made reservation at this location for a month. At the time of checkout, they tried to charge their own made up amount for electricity which was 4 times than the actual. We had to get local help to resolve the issue. Facility was clean. However, I wouldn't stay here on grounds of lack of integrity of the operator and harassing people who don't speak local language.
The great experience ever in the city, love to get in there. It's the wonderful days in my life, love to experience. The interior of the hotel is awesome and also great food, love to stay while there me and my friends got the fantastic experience and also enjoyed a lot more in Chennai.
not bad ............
Very well taken care of by Mr. Sam and his crew. This is right on Shollinganur 5 minutes from the main highway. Security is good as there is always somebody at the entrance 24 hours a day. Very safe place, in a good neighbourhood. Large spacious rooms and working WiFi.
It's not a hotel anymore. It is converted into PG. Horrible stay. No service and you get too many mosquitoes for free. Take something for it because you won't get anything for the same. No wifi. Food not good and if you order a tea then order it before 2 hours because you will get it at least by 2 hours.
Hotel is at least 600 metres walking from main road. Laundry clothes were returned ironed after 3 days, that too when I pushed a lot. Room was not changed when requested. Comfortable stay but above things made it bad for me.
Location is good and staff cooperative. Nice stay and enjoy everything. I was happy there. Breakfast was good
It was a bad experience choosing this place in terms of cleanliness and service. We choose the room + breakfast, for breakfast there was only two options sandwich and poori. Sandwich was horrible and poori was very poor. Very bad stay, will never stay here.
Nice and cosy place to stay, staff is very well mannered, warm and helping. Breakfast... Better arrange your own, by the time we reached for breakfast they had run out of food, it took long time for them to make some for us, not much to write about quality of food.
It brings an immense pleasure for me to write about this hotel. First of all I just booked as a last minute one since I was booking some bulk rooms near Guindy/Porur due to my brothers marriage. But the stay was pleasant and the hospitality of the staff were too good.
Stayed for the second time in Orange Inn during a business meet, seems to be quite good and calm place to stay without any disturbances. Neat and clean room and I prefer to go for the good hotels nearby for food like Junior Kuppanna, Buhari.
I visited the Deshna homestay during february 2015 and i stayed in this hotel for a day during my business trip. I really appraise the look and nature of the hotel. It is too good and their service also not bad. I recommend this hotel to my friends.
Had a good stay at this hotel for a weeks time. Very near to the IT companies in Chennai on OMR road. Less traffic. Breakfast is complimentary and better to have it before 9 AM. Friendly staff and language is not a barrier for them. The only disadvantage is the WIFI network.
Value for money ... parking lot need to be larger ...
I called 2 days prior to the arrival and scheduled the pick up from airport, But no one came to pick up and the number was switched off when I called to inform that I arrived. Hotel was ok, but very poorly co ordinated.
The hotel was near the wedding we attended so it was a plus for us, near to all the places we needed to go and the staff were helpful and accommodating. Would definitely use this hotel again in the future.
Nice hotel close to airport. Nice hotel with comfortable stay...
